_zypp_all_raw='<solvable-list>
not-installed"0 A.D.
not-installed"0ad
not-installed"0ad-data
not-installed"2ManDVD
not-installed"2ManDVD
not-installed"2ManDVD-debuginfo
not-installed"2ManDVD-debugsource
not-installed"2ping
not-installed"389-ds
not-installed"389-ds
not-installed"389-ds-devel
not-installed"3omns
not-installed"4pane
not-installed"4pane
not-installed"4pane-debuginfo
not-installed"4ti2
not-installed"4ti2-devel
not-installed"64bit
not-installed"7kaa
not-installed"AbiWord
installed"Activities
installed"Activity Bar
not-installed"AdobeICCProfiles
not-installed"Aisleriot Solitaire
installed"Akregator
not-installed"Almanah Diary
installed"Analog Clock
not-installed"Anjuta
not-installed"AppStream
not-installed"AppStream-devel
not-installed"AppStream-lang
not-installed"Application Finder
installed"Application Launcher
installed"Application Menu
installed"Application Menu Bar
not-installed"Archive Manager
installed"Ark
not-installed"Armagetron
not-installed"Atomix
not-installed"Atril Document Viewer
not-installed"Attract-Mode
installed"Audacity
not-installed"Audience
installed"Audio Volume
not-installed"BNFC
not-installed"Balsa
installed"Battery and Brightness
not-installed"Bijiben
not-installed"Birdie
not-installed"BitTorrent
not-installed"BitTorrent
not-installed"BitTorrent-curses
not-installed"BitTorrent-gtk
not-installed"Blender
not-installed"Blob Wars : Metal Blob Solid
not-installed"Bluefish
installed"Bluetooth
not-installed"Books
not-installed"Box2D-doc
not-installed"Brasero
installed"Breeze
installed"Breeze Dark
not-installed"Builder
not-installed"Buzztrax Music Editor
not-installed"CCSM
installed"CPU Load Monitor
installed"Calculator
installed"Calendar
not-installed"CharLS-devel
not-installed"Character Map
not-installed"Cheese
not-installed"CherryTree
installed"Chromium
not-installed"Clementine Music Player
installed"Clipboard
not-installed"Clipman
not-installed"Coin
not-installed"Coin-debugsource
not-installed"Coin-devel
not-installed"ColPack-devel
not-installed"ColPack-devel-32bit
not-installed"Collage
not-installed"Collage
not-installed"Collage-debuginfo
not-installed"Collage-debugsource
not-installed"Collage-devel
not-installed"Collage-doc
installed"Color Picker
not-installed"ColorFull-devel
installed"Comic Strip
not-installed"Compiz Fusion Icon
not-installed"ConsoleKit
not-installed"ConsoleKit-32bit
not-installed"ConsoleKit-devel
not-installed"ConsoleKit-doc
not-installed"ConsoleKit-x11
not-installed"Converseen
not-installed"Corebird
not-installed"Crystalcursors
not-installed"D-Feet D-Bus Debugger
not-installed"DB Browser for SQLite
not-installed"DVDStyler
not-installed"DVDStyler
not-installed"DVDStyler-debuginfo
not-installed"DVDStyler-debugsource
not-installed"Database browser
not-installed"Datovka
not-installed"Dconf Editor
not-installed"DeaDBeeF
installed"Declarative Toolbox
not-installed"DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a
not-installed"DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a
not-installed"DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a-debuginfo
installed"Default Panel
installed"Desktop
installed"Desktop Containment
not-installed"Desktop Search
not-installed"DevIL-devel
not-installed"Devhelp
installed"Device Notifier
not-installed"Dia
not-installed"Dianara
installed"Digital Clock
not-installed"DirectFB
not-installed"DirectFB-Mesa
not-installed"DirectFB-devel
not-installed"DirectFB-devel-32bit
not-installed"DirectFB-doc
not-installed"DirectFB-libSDL
not-installed"DirectFB-libvncclient
installed"Disk Quota
not-installed"Disk Usage Analyzer
not-installed"DisplayCAL
not-installed"DisplayCAL
not-installed"DisplayCluster
not-installed"DisplayCluster
not-installed"DisplayCluster-debuginfo
not-installed"DisplayCluster-debugsource
not-installed"DisplayCluster-devel
not-installed"DisplayCluster-doc
not-installed"Document Viewer
not-installed"Documents
installed"Dolphin
installed"Dragon Player
not-installed"Dust Racing 2D
not-installed"ETL
not-installed"ETL-devel
not-installed"EasyTAG
not-installed"ElectricFence
not-installed"Elektra Qt Editor
not-installed"Empathy
installed"Empty Panel
not-installed"Endless Sky
not-installed"Engrampa Archive Manager
not-installed"Entangle
not-installed"Evince
not-installed"Evolution
not-installed"Exaile
not-installed"Eye of GNOME
not-installed"Eye of MATE
not-installed"FastCGI
not-installed"FastCGI-devel
not-installed"Field3D
not-installed"Field3D
not-installed"Field3D-debuginfo
not-installed"Field3D-debugsource
not-installed"Field3D-devel
installed"Fifteen Puzzle
not-installed"FileZilla
installed"Firefox Web Browser
not-installed"Firewall
not-installed"FirmwareUpdateKit
not-installed"Five or More
not-installed"FlightGear
not-installed"FlightGear-data
not-installed"FlightGear-docs
not-installed"FocusWriter
not-installed"Four-in-a-row
not-installed"FreeCAD
not-installed"FreeCAD
not-installed"FreeCAD-debuginfo
not-installed"FreeCAD-debugsource
not-installed"FreeCAD-pluginloader
not-installed"FreeCAD-pluginloader
not-installed"Freeciv
not-installed"Freeciv modpack installer (gtk3)
not-installed"Freeciv server
not-installed"Frogr
installed"Fuzzy Clock
not-installed"GCompris
installed"GIMP
not-installed"GLStats
not-installed"GLStats-devel
not-installed"GLStats-doc
not-installed"GNOME 2048
not-installed"GNOME Boxes
not-installed"GNOME Calculator
not-installed"GNOME Characters
not-installed"GNOME Chess
not-installed"GNOME Clocks
not-installed"GNOME Color Manager
not-installed"GNOME Contacts
not-installed"GNOME Control Center
not-installed"GNOME Dictionary
not-installed"GNOME Disks
not-installed"GNOME Font Viewer
not-installed"GNOME Hex Editor
not-installed"GNOME Hitori
not-installed"GNOME Internet Radio Locator
not-installed"GNOME Klotski
not-installed"GNOME Logs
not-installed"GNOME MPV
not-installed"GNOME Mahjongg
not-installed"GNOME Maps
not-installed"GNOME Mines
not-installed"GNOME Music
not-installed"GNOME Nibbles
not-installed"GNOME Package Updater
not-installed"GNOME Packages
not-installed"GNOME Power Statistics
not-installed"GNOME Robots
not-installed"GNOME Screenshot
not-installed"GNOME Software
not-installed"GNOME Sudoku
not-installed"GNOME System Monitor
not-installed"GNOME Taquin
not-installed"GNOME Tetravex
not-installed"GNOME Tweak Tool
not-installed"GNOME Web
not-installed"GNU PSPP
not-installed"GParted
not-installed"GPaste
installed"GStreamer Multimedia Codecs
not-installed"Gambas3
not-installed"Gaupol
not-installed"Geany IDE
not-installed"Geary
not-installed"GeneralUser
not-installed"GeneralUser
not-installed"GeoIP
not-installed"GeoIP-data
not-installed"Getting Things GNOME!
not-installed"Glade
installed"Global Menu
not-installed"Gnome Commander
not-installed"Gnote
not-installed"GnuCash
not-installed"Gnumeric
not-installed"Goat Attack
not-installed"Goat Attack Map Editor
not-installed"Gobby 0.5 pre-release
not-installed"Gonvert
not-installed"Goobox CD Player
not-installed"Gourmet
not-installed"GraphicsMagick
not-installed"GraphicsMagick
not-installed"GraphicsMagick-devel
not-installed"Grsync
not-installed"Gtranslator
installed"Gwenview
installed"Haenau
installed"Hard Disk I/O Monitor
installed"Hard Disk Space Usage
not-installed"HepMC-devel
not-installed"Herwig-devel
not-installed"Herwig-libs
not-installed"HexChat
not-installed"HomeBank
not-installed"Howl
installed"Hugin Batch Processor
installed"Hugin Calibrate Lens
installed"Hugin Panorama Creator
installed"Hunyango
installed"Hydrogen
not-installed"IPython
not-installed"IPython-doc
not-installed"Iagno
not-installed"IccXML
not-installed"IfcOpenShell
not-installed"IfcOpenShell
not-installed"IfcOpenShell-debuginfo
not-installed"IfcOpenShell-debugsource
not-installed"IfcOpenShell-devel
installed"Image
not-installed"Image Viewer
installed"ImageMagick
not-installed"ImageMagick
not-installed"ImageMagick-devel
not-installed"ImageMagick-devel-32bit
not-installed"ImageMagick-doc
not-installed"ImageMagick-extra
installed"Inkscape SVG Vector Illustrator
installed"Input Method Panel
not-installed"J7Z
not-installed"J7Z
not-installed"J7Z-kf5
not-installed"JaxoDraw
not-installed"Julia
installed"K3b
installed"KAddressBook
installed"KCalc
installed"KDE Connect
installed"KDE Plasma Desktop
installed"KGpg
installed"KHelpCenter
installed"KMail
installed"KMines
not-installed"KMyMoney
installed"KNotes
installed"KOrganizer
installed"KRuler
installed"KSudoku
not-installed"Kajongg
installed"Kate
installed"Kate Sessions
not-installed"Kerberos Authentication
not-installed"Kid3
not-installed"Klavaro
installed"Kleopatra
installed"Kompare
installed"Konsole
installed"Kontact
installed"Konversation
not-installed"LHAPDF-devel
not-installed"LaTeXila
not-installed"LabPlot
installed"Latte Plasmoid
not-installed"LiE
not-installed"LiE-doc
not-installed"LiVES
not-installed"LiVES
not-installed"LiVES-debuginfo
not-installed"LiVES-debugsource
not-installed"LiVES-lang
not-installed"LibVNCServer-devel
not-installed"LibreCAD
installed"LibreOffice Base
installed"LibreOffice Calc
installed"LibreOffice Draw
installed"LibreOffice Impress
installed"LibreOffice Writer
not-installed"Liferea
not-installed"Lights Off
not-installed"Linphone
installed"Lock/Logout
not-installed"Lollypop
not-installed"Lugaru HD
not-installed"Lunchbox
not-installed"Lunchbox-debugsource
not-installed"Lunchbox-devel
not-installed"Lunchbox-doc
not-installed"LyX
not-installed"MATE Calc
not-installed"MATE Dictionary
not-installed"MATE Disk Usage Analyzer
not-installed"MATE Screenshot
not-installed"MATE Search Tool
not-installed"MATE System Monitor
not-installed"MATE Terminal
not-installed"MLDonkey
not-installed"MLDonkey
not-installed"MLDonkey-debuginfo
not-installed"MLDonkey-debugsource
not-installed"MLDonkey-gui
not-installed"MLDonkey-gui-debuginfo
not-installed"MPlayer
not-installed"MPlayer
not-installed"MPlayer-debuginfo
not-installed"MPlayer-debugsource
not-installed"MPlayer-doc
installed"Marble
installed"Media Player
installed"Media frame
not-installed"MediaInfo
not-installed"Meld
installed"Memory Status
installed"Mesa
not-installed"Mesa
installed"Mesa-32bit
not-installed"Mesa-demo
not-installed"Mesa-demo-x
not-installed"Mesa-devel
not-installed"Mesa-dri-devel
installed"Mesa-dri-nouveau
not-installed"Mesa-dri-nouveau-32bit
installed"Mesa-libEGL-devel
not-installed"Mesa-libEGL-devel-32bit
installed"Mesa-libEGL1
installed"Mesa-libEGL1-32bit
installed"Mesa-libGL-devel
not-installed"Mesa-libGL-devel-32bit
installed"Mesa-libGL1
installed"Mesa-libGL1-32bit
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv1_CM-devel
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv1_CM-devel-32bit
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv1_CM1
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv1_CM1-32bit
installed"Mesa-libGLESv2-2
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv2-2-32bit
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv2-devel
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv2-devel-32bit
not-installed"Mesa-libGLESv3-devel
not-installed"Mesa-libd3d
not-installed"Mesa-libd3d-32bit
not-installed"Mesa-libd3d-devel
not-installed"Mesa-libd3d-devel-32bit
not-installed"Mesa-libglapi-devel
not-installed"Mesa-libglapi-devel-32bit
installed"Mesa-libglapi0
installed"Mesa-libglapi0-32bit
installed"Mesa-libva
not-installed"Midori
not-installed"Minetest
installed"Minimize all Windows
not-installed"Minuet
not-installed"Modem Manager GUI
installed"ModemManager
not-installed"ModemManager-devel
not-installed"ModemManager-lang
not-installed"Modules
installed"MozillaFirefox
not-installed"MozillaFirefox
installed"MozillaFirefox-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"MozillaFirefox-branding-upstream
not-installed"MozillaFirefox-buildsymbols
not-installed"MozillaFirefox-devel
not-installed"MozillaFirefox-translations-common
not-installed"MozillaFirefox-translations-other
not-installed"MozillaThunderbird
not-installed"MozillaThunderbird
not-installed"MozillaThunderbird-buildsymbols
not-installed"MozillaThunderbird-devel
not-installed"MozillaThunderbird-translations-common
not-installed"MozillaThunderbird-translations-other
not-installed"Mr Rescue
not-installed"MultiMarkdown-5
not-installed"MultiWriter
not-installed"MyODBC-unixODBC
not-installed"NFO Viewer
not-installed"Nautilus
not-installed"Nemiver
installed"Network Monitor
installed"NetworkManager
not-installed"NetworkManager
not-installed"NetworkManager-appindicator
installed"NetworkManager-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"NetworkManager-branding-upstream
not-installed"NetworkManager-connection-editor
not-installed"NetworkManager-devel
not-installed"NetworkManager-devel-32bit
not-installed"NetworkManager-gnome
not-installed"NetworkManager-gnome-lang
not-installed"NetworkManager-iodine
not-installed"NetworkManager-iodine-gnome
not-installed"NetworkManager-iodine-lang
not-installed"NetworkManager-l2tp
not-installed"NetworkManager-l2tp
not-installed"NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome
not-installed"NetworkManager-l2tp-lang
installed"NetworkManager-lang
not-installed"NetworkManager-novellvpn
not-installed"NetworkManager-novellvpn-gnome
not-installed"NetworkManager-novellvpn-lang
not-installed"NetworkManager-openconnect
not-installed"NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome
not-installed"NetworkManager-openconnect-lang
not-installed"NetworkManager-openswan
not-installed"NetworkManager-openswan-gnome
not-installed"NetworkManager-openswan-lang
installed"NetworkManager-openvpn
not-installed"NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome
installed"NetworkManager-openvpn-lang
installed"NetworkManager-pptp
not-installed"NetworkManager-pptp-gnome
installed"NetworkManager-pptp-lang
not-installed"NetworkManager-strongswan
not-installed"NetworkManager-strongswan-gnome
not-installed"NetworkManager-strongswan-lang
installed"NetworkManager-vpnc
not-installed"NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome
installed"NetworkManager-vpnc-lang
installed"Networks
not-installed"Nomacs
installed"Notes
installed"Notifications
not-installed"NovProg
installed"Okular
not-installed"OpenClonk
not-installed"OpenColorIO
not-installed"OpenColorIO-devel
not-installed"OpenColorIO-doc
not-installed"OpenIPMI
not-installed"OpenIPMI
not-installed"OpenIPMI-devel
not-installed"OpenIPMI-python
not-installed"OpenImageIO
not-installed"OpenImageIO-devel
not-installed"OpenLP
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi-debuginfo
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi-lang
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi-unstable
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi-unstable
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-debuginfo
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-debugsource
not-installed"OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-lang
installed"OpenPrintingPPDs
installed"OpenPrintingPPDs-ghostscript
installed"OpenPrintingPPDs-hpijs
installed"OpenPrintingPPDs-postscript
not-installed"OpenSceneGraph
not-installed"OpenSceneGraph-examples
not-installed"OpenSceneGraph-plugins
not-installed"Opera
not-installed"Osmo4
not-installed"Osmo4-debuginfo
installed"OwnCloud KAccounts QML plugin
not-installed"PCB Designer
not-installed"PDF Chain
installed"PackageKit
not-installed"PackageKit-Qt-devel
not-installed"PackageKit-Qt5-devel
installed"PackageKit-backend-zypp
installed"PackageKit-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"PackageKit-branding-upstream
not-installed"PackageKit-devel
installed"PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin
installed"PackageKit-gtk3-module
installed"PackageKit-lang
installed"Pager
installed"Panel Toolbox
not-installed"ParaView
not-installed"PgTcl
not-installed"Phoronix Test Suite
not-installed"Photos
installed"Pidgin
not-installed"Pithos
not-installed"Pitivi
installed"Plain Color
not-installed"Plank
not-installed"PlayOnLinux
not-installed"PlotDigitizer
not-installed"PlotDigitizer
not-installed"Pluma
not-installed"Poedit
not-installed"Polari
not-installed"Pomodoro
not-installed"Power Statistics
not-installed"Pragha Mucic Player
installed"Print Settings
installed"Printers
not-installed"Project Hamster
not-installed"ProjectX
not-installed"ProjectX
not-installed"Psi
not-installed"PyGreSQL
not-installed"Pybliographer
not-installed"QDeviceMonitor
not-installed"QElectroTech
not-installed"QMPlay2
not-installed"QMPlay2
not-installed"QMPlay2-debuginfo
not-installed"QMPlay2-debugsource
not-installed"QMPlay2-devel
not-installed"QMPlay2-kde-integration
not-installed"QSyncthingTray
not-installed"QTerminal
not-installed"QXmlEdit
not-installed"QjackCtl
not-installed"Qross-devel
not-installed"QtAV
not-installed"QtAV
not-installed"QtAV-debugsource
not-installed"QtAV-devel
not-installed"QtAV-players
not-installed"QtAV-players-debuginfo
not-installed"QtAV-qml
not-installed"QtAV-qml-debuginfo
not-installed"QtDMM
not-installed"Qtractor
not-installed"Quadrapassel
installed"Quick Share
installed"Quicklaunch
not-installed"QupZilla
not-installed"R-KernSmooth
not-installed"R-MASS
not-installed"R-Matrix
not-installed"R-Matrix-devel
not-installed"R-base
not-installed"R-base-devel
not-installed"R-boot
not-installed"R-class
not-installed"R-cluster
not-installed"R-codetools
not-installed"R-compiler
not-installed"R-core
not-installed"R-core-devel
not-installed"R-core-doc
not-installed"R-core-libs
not-installed"R-core-packages
not-installed"R-datasets
not-installed"R-foreign
not-installed"R-grDevices
not-installed"R-graphics
not-installed"R-grid
not-installed"R-lattice
not-installed"R-methods
not-installed"R-mgcv
not-installed"R-nlme
not-installed"R-nnet
not-installed"R-parallel
not-installed"R-recommended-packages
not-installed"R-rpart
not-installed"R-spatial
not-installed"R-splines
not-installed"R-stats
not-installed"R-stats4
not-installed"R-survival
not-installed"R-tcltk
not-installed"R-tools
not-installed"R-utils
not-installed"Rapid Photo Downloader
not-installed"Rawstudio
not-installed"ReText
not-installed"Redshift
not-installed"Regina-REXX
not-installed"Regina-REXX-devel
not-installed"Regina-REXX-doc
not-installed"Remmina
not-installed"Remote Desktop Viewer
not-installed"Remote Viewer
not-installed"RemoteBox
not-installed"RemoteBox: VirtualBox Client
not-installed"Rhythmbox
not-installed"Ristretto
not-installed"Rivet-devel
not-installed"RobboLito0085
not-installed"RobboLito0085
not-installed"RobboLito0085-debuginfo
not-installed"Rosegarden
not-installed"SDL2
not-installed"SDL2_image
not-installed"SDL_image
not-installed"SHERPA-MC-devel
installed"SUSEConnect
not-installed"SUSEConnect
not-installed"SampleICC
not-installed"Scilab
not-installed"Screenshot
not-installed"Scribus
installed"ScummVM
not-installed"SeaMonkey Composer
not-installed"SeaMonkey Mail Client
not-installed"SeaMonkey Web Browser
not-installed"Seahorse
installed"Search
not-installed"Search and Indexing
not-installed"ShellCheck
not-installed"Shotwell
installed"Show Desktop
installed"Showfoto
not-installed"SimGear-devel
not-installed"Simple CCSM
not-installed"Simple Scan
not-installed"SimpleScreenRecorder
installed"Skanlite
installed"Slideshow
not-installed"Smb4K
not-installed"Smuxi
not-installed"SoQt
not-installed"SoQt
not-installed"SoQt-debugsource
not-installed"SoQt-devel
not-installed"SoQt-doc
installed"Software Updates
not-installed"Something For Reddit
not-installed"Sound Converter
not-installed"Sound Juicer
not-installed"Sound Recorder
installed"Spectacle
installed"Steam
not-installed"Stellarium
installed"SuSEfirewall2
not-installed"SuSEfirewall2
not-installed"SuSEfirewall2-fail2ban
not-installed"SuperTux 2
not-installed"SuperTuxKart
not-installed"Supybot
not-installed"Swell Foop
installed"System Load Viewer
installed"System Tray
not-installed"TEA
not-installed"THE
not-installed"THE-doc
not-installed"Tali
installed"Task Manager
not-installed"TeXstudio
not-installed"TeXworks
not-installed"Teeworlds
not-installed"Terminal
not-installed"Texmaker LaTeX Editor
not-installed"Text Editor
not-installed"The Legend of Edgar
not-installed"ThePEG-devel
not-installed"ThePEG-libs
not-installed"Thunar File Manager
not-installed"Thunderbird
not-installed"Tilda
not-installed"Tiled
installed"Timer
not-installed"To Do
not-installed"Tor Browser Launcher
not-installed"Transmageddon Media Transcoder
installed"Trashcan
not-installed"Trojitá
not-installed"UEFITool
not-installed"UEFITool
not-installed"UEFITool-debuginfo
not-installed"UEFITool-debugsource
installed"User Switcher
not-installed"VFlib3
not-installed"VFlib3-devel
installed"VLC Media player
not-installed"Vc-devel
not-installed"Vc-devel-static
not-installed"Veusz
not-installed"Videos
not-installed"Virtual Machine Manager
installed"VirtualBox-5.2
not-installed"VirtualGL
not-installed"VirtualGL-32bit
not-installed"VirtualGL-devel
not-installed"Voxelands
not-installed"WALinuxAgent
not-installed"Wammu
not-installed"Warzone 2100
not-installed"Weather
installed"Weather Forecast
installed"Web browser
not-installed"When
installed"Window list
not-installed"WindowMaker
not-installed"WindowMaker-applets
not-installed"WindowMaker-applets
not-installed"WindowMaker-devel
not-installed"WindowMaker-themes
not-installed"Wireshark (GTK) Network Analyzer
not-installed"Wireshark (QT) Network Analyzer
installed"World Clock
installed"World Map
not-installed"Wyrmsun
not-installed"Xed
not-installed"Xiphos
not-installed"Xournal
not-installed"YODA-devel
installed"YaST
not-installed"Yaics
not-installed"a2jmidid
not-installed"a2jmidid
not-installed"a2jmidid-debuginfo
not-installed"a2jmidid-debugsource
not-installed"a2ps
not-installed"a2ps-devel
not-installed"a2ps-h
not-installed"a52dec
not-installed"a52dec
not-installed"a52dec-debuginfo
not-installed"a52dec-debugsource
not-installed"aMule
not-installed"aMule
not-installed"aMule-debuginfo
not-installed"aMule-debugsource
not-installed"aMule-kde4
not-installed"aMule-kde4-debuginfo
installed"aaa_base
installed"aaa_base-extras
not-installed"aaa_base-malloccheck
not-installed"aacsupdater
not-installed"aacsupdater
not-installed"aacsupdater-debuginfo
not-installed"aacsupdater-debugsource
not-installed"aalib
not-installed"aalib-devel
not-installed"aalib-devel-32bit
not-installed"abcde
not-installed"abi-compliance-checker
not-installed"abiword
not-installed"abiword-docs
not-installed"abook
not-installed"abook-lang
not-installed"abootimg
not-installed"abxtest
not-installed"accerciser
not-installed"accerciser-lang
not-installed"accerciser-plugin-IPython
installed"accountsservice
not-installed"accountsservice
not-installed"accountsservice-devel
installed"accountsservice-lang
not-installed"acct
not-installed"acct
not-installed"ack
installed"acl
not-installed"acpi
installed"acpica
installed"acpid
not-installed"actkbd
not-installed"adaptec-firmware
not-installed"adaptx
not-installed"adaptx-doc
not-installed"adaptx-javadoc
not-installed"addrwatch
not-installed"adinatha-fonts
installed"adjtimex
not-installed"adminer
not-installed"adminer
not-installed"adminer-designs
not-installed"adminer-editor
not-installed"adminer-elasticsearch
not-installed"adminer-firebird
not-installed"adminer-mssql
not-installed"adminer-mysql
not-installed"adminer-pgsql
not-installed"adminer-sqlite
not-installed"adms
not-installed"adns
not-installed"adobe-cid-keyed-moe-fonts
not-installed"adobe-cid-keyed-munhwa-fonts
not-installed"adobe-cid-keyed-wada-fonts
not-installed"adobe-cid-keyed-wadah-fonts
installed"adobe-release-x86_64
installed"adobe-sourcecodepro-fonts
not-installed"adobe-sourcehansans-fonts
installed"adobe-sourcesanspro-fonts
installed"adobe-sourceserifpro-fonts
not-installed"adolc-devel
not-installed"adolc-devel-32bit
not-installed"adolc-doc
installed"adwaita-icon-theme
not-installed"aegisub
not-installed"aegisub
not-installed"aegisub-debuginfo
not-installed"aegisub-debugsource
not-installed"aelfred
not-installed"aelfred-javadoc
not-installed"aespipe
not-installed"afl
not-installed"aften
not-installed"aften
not-installed"aften-debuginfo
not-installed"agg-devel
not-installed"agrep
not-installed"aha
not-installed"aide
not-installed"aide-test
not-installed"aircrack-ng
not-installed"aircrack-ng
not-installed"aircrack-ng-debuginfo
not-installed"aircrack-ng-debugsource
not-installed"airspy
not-installed"airspy-devel
not-installed"airspy-udev
not-installed"aisleriot
not-installed"aisleriot-lang
not-installed"aisleriot-themes
not-installed"akonadi-calendar-devel
installed"akonadi-calendar-lang
installed"akonadi-calendar-tools
installed"akonadi-calendar-tools-lang
installed"akonadi-contact
not-installed"akonadi-contact-devel
installed"akonadi-contact-lang
installed"akonadi-import-wizard
installed"akonadi-import-wizard-lang
installed"akonadi-mime
not-installed"akonadi-mime-devel
installed"akonadi-mime-lang
not-installed"akonadi-notes-devel
installed"akonadi-notes-lang
not-installed"akonadi-runtime
installed"akonadi-search
not-installed"akonadi-search-devel
installed"akonadi-search-lang
installed"akonadi-server
not-installed"akonadi-server-devel
installed"akonadi-server-lang
not-installed"akonadi-server-sqlite
not-installed"akonadiconsole
installed"akregator
installed"akregator-lang
not-installed"alac
not-installed"alac_decoder
not-installed"alac_decoder
not-installed"alac_decoder-debuginfo
not-installed"alac_decoder-debugsource
not-installed"alacarte
not-installed"alacarte-lang
not-installed"albert
not-installed"albumshaper
not-installed"aldusleaf-crimson-text-fonts
not-installed"alee-fonts
not-installed"alevt
not-installed"alevtd
not-installed"alex
not-installed"allegro
not-installed"allegro-dga2-plugin
not-installed"allegro-dga2-plugin-32bit
not-installed"allegro-jack-plugin
not-installed"allegro-jack-plugin-32bit
not-installed"allegro-tools
not-installed"almanah
not-installed"almanah-lang
not-installed"alpine
not-installed"alpine-branding-openSUSE
installed"alsa
installed"alsa-devel
installed"alsa-devel-32bit
not-installed"alsa-docs
not-installed"alsa-firmware
installed"alsa-oss
installed"alsa-oss-32bit
installed"alsa-plugins
installed"alsa-plugins-32bit
not-installed"alsa-plugins-a52
not-installed"alsa-plugins-dca
not-installed"alsa-plugins-dca-debuginfo
not-installed"alsa-plugins-jack
not-installed"alsa-plugins-jack-32bit
not-installed"alsa-plugins-lavcrate
not-installed"alsa-plugins-maemo
not-installed"alsa-plugins-maemo-32bit
installed"alsa-plugins-pulse
installed"alsa-plugins-pulse-32bit
not-installed"alsa-plugins-samplerate
not-installed"alsa-plugins-samplerate-32bit
not-installed"alsa-plugins-speex
installed"alsa-utils
not-installed"alsabat
not-installed"amanda
installed"amarok
not-installed"amarok
not-installed"amarok-debuginfo
not-installed"amarok-debugsource
installed"amarok-lang
not-installed"amavisd-new
not-installed"amavisd-new
not-installed"amavisd-new-docs
not-installed"amazon-ssm-agent
not-installed"amazon-ssm-agent
not-installed"amdovdrvctrl
not-installed"amdovdrvctrl
not-installed"amrnb
not-installed"amrnb
not-installed"amrnb-debuginfo
not-installed"amrnb-debugsource
not-installed"amrwb
not-installed"amrwb
not-installed"amrwb-debuginfo
not-installed"amrwb-debugsource
not-installed"amsynth
not-installed"amsynth-lang
not-installed"amsynth-plugin-dssi
not-installed"amsynth-plugin-lv2
not-installed"amsynth-plugin-vst
not-installed"amtu
not-installed"analitza
not-installed"analitza-devel
not-installed"analitza-lang
not-installed"analyzeMFT
installed"android-tools
not-installed"angelscript2_29-devel
not-installed"anjuta
not-installed"anjuta-devel
not-installed"anjuta-extras
not-installed"anjuta-extras-lang
not-installed"anjuta-lang
not-installed"ansible
not-installed"ansible
not-installed"ant
not-installed"ant-antlr
not-installed"ant-apache-bcel
not-installed"ant-apache-bsf
not-installed"ant-apache-log4j
not-installed"ant-apache-oro
not-installed"ant-apache-regexp
not-installed"ant-apache-resolver
not-installed"ant-apache-xalan2
not-installed"ant-commons-logging
not-installed"ant-commons-net
not-installed"ant-contrib
not-installed"ant-contrib-javadoc
not-installed"ant-contrib-manual
not-installed"ant-findbugs
not-installed"ant-javadoc
not-installed"ant-javamail
not-installed"ant-jdepend
not-installed"ant-jmf
not-installed"ant-jsch
not-installed"ant-junit
not-installed"ant-manual
not-installed"ant-phone
not-installed"ant-scripts
not-installed"ant-swing
not-installed"ant-testutil
not-installed"anthy
not-installed"anthy-32bit
not-installed"anthy-devel
not-installed"antlr
not-installed"antlr-devel
not-installed"antlr-java
not-installed"antlr-javadoc
not-installed"antlr-manual
not-installed"antlr3c-devel
not-installed"apache-commons-beanutils
not-installed"apache-commons-beanutils-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-cli
not-installed"apache-commons-cli-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-codec
not-installed"apache-commons-codec-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-collections
not-installed"apache-commons-collections-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-collections-testframework
not-installed"apache-commons-collections-testframework-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-daemon
not-installed"apache-commons-daemon-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-daemon-jsvc
not-installed"apache-commons-dbcp
not-installed"apache-commons-dbcp-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-email
not-installed"apache-commons-email
not-installed"apache-commons-email-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-httpclient
not-installed"apache-commons-httpclient-demo
not-installed"apache-commons-httpclient-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-httpclient-manual
not-installed"apache-commons-io
not-installed"apache-commons-io-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-lang
not-installed"apache-commons-lang-javadoc
installed"apache-commons-logging
not-installed"apache-commons-parent
not-installed"apache-commons-pool
not-installed"apache-commons-pool-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-pool2
not-installed"apache-commons-pool2-javadoc
not-installed"apache-commons-validator
not-installed"apache-commons-validator-javadoc
not-installed"apache-ivy
not-installed"apache-ivy-javadoc
not-installed"apache-pdfbox
not-installed"apache-pdfbox-javadoc
not-installed"apache-portlet-1_0-api
not-installed"apache-portlet-1_0-api-javadoc
not-installed"apache-rpm-macros
not-installed"apache-rpm-macros-control
not-installed"apache-rpm-macros-control
installed"apache2
not-installed"apache2
not-installed"apache2-devel
not-installed"apache2-doc
not-installed"apache2-event
not-installed"apache2-example-pages
not-installed"apache2-icons-oxygen
not-installed"apache2-mod_apparmor
not-installed"apache2-mod_auth_kerb
not-installed"apache2-mod_authn_otp
not-installed"apache2-mod_dnssd
not-installed"apache2-mod_evasive
not-installed"apache2-mod_fastcgi
not-installed"apache2-mod_fcgid
not-installed"apache2-mod_jk
not-installed"apache2-mod_mono
not-installed"apache2-mod_musicindex
not-installed"apache2-mod_musicindex
not-installed"apache2-mod_musicindex-debuginfo
not-installed"apache2-mod_musicindex-debugsource
not-installed"apache2-mod_nss
not-installed"apache2-mod_perl
not-installed"apache2-mod_perl-devel
not-installed"apache2-mod_php5
not-installed"apache2-mod_php7
not-installed"apache2-mod_proxy_uwsgi
not-installed"apache2-mod_python
not-installed"apache2-mod_scgi
not-installed"apache2-mod_security2
not-installed"apache2-mod_tidy
not-installed"apache2-mod_uwsgi
not-installed"apache2-mod_wsgi
not-installed"apache2-mod_wsgi-python3
installed"apache2-prefork
installed"apache2-utils
not-installed"apache2-worker
not-installed"apcupsd
not-installed"apcupsd-cgi
not-installed"apcupsd-gui
not-installed"apel
not-installed"apetag
not-installed"apetag
not-installed"apetag-debuginfo
not-installed"apetag-debugsource
not-installed"apfel-devel
not-installed"apg
installed"apparmor
not-installed"apparmor
installed"apparmor-abstractions
installed"apparmor-docs
installed"apparmor-parser
not-installed"apparmor-parser-lang
installed"apparmor-profiles
not-installed"apparmor-rpm-macros
installed"apparmor-utils
not-installed"apparmor-utils-lang
not-installed"appcenter
not-installed"appcenter-lang
not-installed"appengine
not-installed"appframework
not-installed"appframework-javadoc
not-installed"appmenu-qt
not-installed"appmenu-qt5
not-installed"appmenu-qt5-32bit
not-installed"appres
not-installed"appstream-glib
not-installed"appstream-glib-devel
not-installed"appstream-glib-lang
not-installed"apt-cacher-ng
not-installed"apulse
not-installed"apulse-32bit
not-installed"aqbanking
not-installed"aqbanking-devel
not-installed"aqbanking-doc
not-installed"aqbanking-lang
not-installed"aqbanking-ofx
not-installed"arabic-ae-fonts
not-installed"arabic-amiri-fonts
not-installed"arabic-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"arabic-fonts
not-installed"arabic-kacst-fonts
not-installed"arabic-kacstone-fonts
not-installed"arabic-naqsh-fonts
not-installed"arandr
not-installed"aranym
not-installed"arc-icon-theme
not-installed"archivemail
not-installed"archivemount
not-installed"argon2
not-installed"argon2-devel
not-installed"argon2-doc
not-installed"args4j
not-installed"args4j-javadoc
not-installed"argus
not-installed"argus-client
not-installed"argus-server
not-installed"argyllcms
not-installed"argyllcms-doc
not-installed"aria2
not-installed"aria2-devel
not-installed"aria2-lang
installed"ark
installed"ark-lang
not-installed"armadillo-devel
not-installed"armadillo-devel-32bit
not-installed"armadillo-doc
not-installed"armagetron
not-installed"arp-scan
not-installed"arpack-ng-devel
not-installed"arpack-ng-devel-32bit
not-installed"arphic-bkai00mp-fonts
not-installed"arphic-bsmi00lp-fonts
not-installed"arphic-fonts
not-installed"arphic-gbsn00lp-fonts
not-installed"arphic-gkai00mp-fonts
not-installed"arphic-ukai-fonts
not-installed"arphic-uming-fonts
not-installed"arping2
not-installed"arprec-devel
not-installed"arptables
not-installed"arpwatch
not-installed"arpwatch-ethercodes
not-installed"arpwatch-ethercodes-build
not-installed"art-sharp2
not-installed"artha
not-installed"artifacts
not-installed"artifacts-validator
not-installed"artikulate
not-installed"artikulate-lang
not-installed"arts
not-installed"arts-32bit
not-installed"arts-devel
not-installed"arts-gmcop
not-installed"as10k1
not-installed"asciidoc
not-installed"asciidoc-examples
not-installed"asciinema
not-installed"asclock
not-installed"asco
not-installed"asco-doc
not-installed"aseqview
not-installed"asio-devel
not-installed"asl
not-installed"asl-doc
not-installed"asm
not-installed"asm-javadoc
not-installed"asm2
not-installed"asm2-examples
not-installed"asm2-javadoc
not-installed"asm3
not-installed"asm3-examples
not-installed"asm3-javadoc
not-installed"aspell
not-installed"aspell-af
not-installed"aspell-agal
not-installed"aspell-am
not-installed"aspell-ar
not-installed"aspell-ast
not-installed"aspell-az
not-installed"aspell-be
not-installed"aspell-bg
not-installed"aspell-bn
not-installed"aspell-br
not-installed"aspell-ca
not-installed"aspell-cs
not-installed"aspell-csb
not-installed"aspell-cy
not-installed"aspell-da
not-installed"aspell-de
not-installed"aspell-devel
not-installed"aspell-el
not-installed"aspell-en
not-installed"aspell-eo
not-installed"aspell-es
not-installed"aspell-et
not-installed"aspell-fa
not-installed"aspell-fi
not-installed"aspell-fo
not-installed"aspell-fr
not-installed"aspell-fy
not-installed"aspell-ga
not-installed"aspell-gd
not-installed"aspell-gl
not-installed"aspell-grc
not-installed"aspell-gu
not-installed"aspell-gv
not-installed"aspell-he
not-installed"aspell-hi
not-installed"aspell-hil
not-installed"aspell-hr
not-installed"aspell-hsb
not-installed"aspell-hu
not-installed"aspell-hus
not-installed"aspell-hy
not-installed"aspell-ia
not-installed"aspell-id
not-installed"aspell-is
not-installed"aspell-ispell
not-installed"aspell-it
not-installed"aspell-kn
not-installed"aspell-ku
not-installed"aspell-ky
not-installed"aspell-la
not-installed"aspell-lt
not-installed"aspell-lv
not-installed"aspell-mg
not-installed"aspell-mi
not-installed"aspell-mk
not-installed"aspell-ml
not-installed"aspell-mn
not-installed"aspell-mr
not-installed"aspell-ms
not-installed"aspell-mt
not-installed"aspell-nb
not-installed"aspell-nds
not-installed"aspell-nl
not-installed"aspell-nn
not-installed"aspell-ny
not-installed"aspell-or
not-installed"aspell-pa
not-installed"aspell-pl
not-installed"aspell-pt_BR
not-installed"aspell-pt_PT
not-installed"aspell-qu
not-installed"aspell-ro
not-installed"aspell-ru
not-installed"aspell-rw
not-installed"aspell-sc
not-installed"aspell-sk
not-installed"aspell-sl
not-installed"aspell-spell
not-installed"aspell-sr
not-installed"aspell-sv
not-installed"aspell-sw
not-installed"aspell-ta
not-installed"aspell-te
not-installed"aspell-tet
not-installed"aspell-tk
not-installed"aspell-tl
not-installed"aspell-tn
not-installed"aspell-tr
not-installed"aspell-uk
not-installed"aspell-uz
not-installed"aspell-vi
not-installed"aspell-wa
not-installed"aspell-yi
not-installed"aspell-zu
not-installed"asterisk-sounds-devel
not-installed"asteroids3D
not-installed"astyle
not-installed"asunder
not-installed"asunder
not-installed"asunder-debuginfo
not-installed"asunder-debugsource
not-installed"asunder-lang
not-installed"asusfan
installed"at
not-installed"at
not-installed"at-spi-sharp
not-installed"at-spi-sharp-devel
installed"at-spi2-atk-common
not-installed"at-spi2-atk-devel
installed"at-spi2-atk-gtk2
installed"at-spi2-core
not-installed"at-spi2-core
not-installed"at-spi2-core-devel
not-installed"at-spi2-core-devel-32bit
not-installed"at-spi2-core-lang
not-installed"atftp
not-installed"atftp
not-installed"atheme
not-installed"atheme-devel
installed"atk-devel
not-installed"atk-devel-32bit
not-installed"atk-doc
not-installed"atk-lang
not-installed"atkmm-devel
not-installed"atkmm-devel-32bit
not-installed"atkmm-doc
not-installed"atlascpp-devel
not-installed"atmel-firmware
installed"atom
not-installed"atomiks
not-installed"atomix
not-installed"atomix-lang
installed"atool
not-installed"atop
not-installed"atop-daemon
not-installed"atril
not-installed"atril-backends
not-installed"atril-devel
not-installed"atril-lang
not-installed"atril-thumbnailer
not-installed"attica-qt5-devel
not-installed"attica-qt5-devel-32bit
installed"attr
not-installed"attractmode
not-installed"aubio-tools
not-installed"audacious
not-installed"audacious
not-installed"audacious-debuginfo
not-installed"audacious-debugsource
not-installed"audacious-devel
not-installed"audacious-lang
not-installed"audacious-plugins
not-installed"audacious-plugins
not-installed"audacious-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"audacious-plugins-debugsource
not-installed"audacious-plugins-extra
not-installed"audacious-plugins-extra-debuginfo
not-installed"audacious-plugins-lang
installed"audacity
not-installed"audacity
not-installed"audacity
not-installed"audacity-debuginfo
not-installed"audacity-debugsource
installed"audacity-lang
not-installed"audenc
not-installed"audenc
not-installed"audex
not-installed"audex-lang
not-installed"audience
not-installed"audience-lang
not-installed"audio-recorder
not-installed"audio-recorder-lang
not-installed"audiofile
not-installed"audiofile-devel
not-installed"audiofile-devel-32bit
not-installed"audiofile-doc
not-installed"audiotools
not-installed"audiotools
not-installed"audiotools-debuginfo
not-installed"audiotools-debugsource
installed"audit
not-installed"audit
not-installed"audit-audispd-plugins
not-installed"audit-devel
not-installed"audit-devel-32bit
not-installed"audit-libs-python
not-installed"audit-secondary
not-installed"audit-visualize
installed"augeas
not-installed"augeas
not-installed"augeas-devel
not-installed"augeas-devel-32bit
not-installed"augeas-lense-tests
installed"augeas-lenses
not-installed"autobench
installed"autoconf
not-installed"autoconf-archive
not-installed"autoconf-el
not-installed"autoconf213
not-installed"autocutsel
not-installed"autofdo
installed"autofs
not-installed"autofs
not-installed"autogen
installed"automake
not-installed"automoc4
not-installed"autonym-fonts
not-installed"autopano-sift-C
not-installed"autopano-sift-C
not-installed"autopano-sift-C-debuginfo
not-installed"autopano-sift-C-debugsource
not-installed"autossh
not-installed"autotrace
not-installed"autotrace-devel
not-installed"autotrash
not-installed"autoyast2
not-installed"autoyast2
installed"autoyast2-installation
installed"avahi
installed"avahi-autoipd
not-installed"avahi-compat-howl-devel
not-installed"avahi-compat-mDNSResponder-devel
installed"avahi-lang
not-installed"avahi-mono
not-installed"avahi-utils
not-installed"avahi-utils-gtk
not-installed"avalon-framework
not-installed"avalon-framework-javadoc
not-installed"avalon-framework-manual
not-installed"avesta-fonts
not-installed"avfs
not-installed"avfs-devel
not-installed"avidemux
not-installed"avidemux
not-installed"avidemux-debuginfo
not-installed"avidemux-debugsource
not-installed"avidemux-gtk
not-installed"avidemux-gtk-debuginfo
not-installed"avidemux-lang
not-installed"avidemux-plugin-arts
not-installed"avidemux-plugin-arts-debuginfo
not-installed"avidemux-qt
not-installed"avidemux-qt-debuginfo
not-installed"avidemux3
not-installed"avidemux3
not-installed"avidemux3-cli
not-installed"avidemux3-cli-debuginfo
not-installed"avidemux3-debuginfo
not-installed"avidemux3-debugsource
not-installed"avidemux3-qt5
not-installed"avidemux3-qt5-debuginfo
not-installed"avidemux3-qt5-lang
not-installed"avifile
not-installed"avifile
not-installed"avifile-data
not-installed"avifile-debuginfo
not-installed"avifile-debugsource
not-installed"avifile-win32
not-installed"avogadro
not-installed"avogadro-devel
not-installed"avogadro-devel-32bit
not-installed"avogadrolibs
not-installed"avogadrolibs-devel
not-installed"avrdude
not-installed"avrdude
not-installed"avxsynth
not-installed"avxsynth
not-installed"avxsynth-debuginfo
not-installed"avxsynth-debugsource
not-installed"avxsynth-devel
not-installed"avxsynth-plugins
not-installed"avxsynth-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"awesfx
not-installed"awesome
not-installed"awesome-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"awesome-branding-upstream
not-installed"awesome-freedesktop
not-installed"awesome-shifty
not-installed"awesome-vicious
not-installed"aws-cli
not-installed"aws-cli
not-installed"axel
not-installed"axis
not-installed"axis-javadoc
not-installed"axis-manual
not-installed"azove
not-installed"b43-fwcutter
not-installed"b43legacy-firmware
not-installed"b43legacy-firmware
not-installed"b5i2iso
not-installed"b5i2iso
not-installed"b5i2iso-debuginfo
not-installed"babelstone-han-fonts
not-installed"babelstone-marchen-fonts
not-installed"babelstone-modern-fonts
not-installed"babelstone-ogham-fonts
not-installed"babelstone-phags-pa-fonts
not-installed"babelstone-runic-fonts
not-installed"babeltrace
not-installed"babeltrace-devel
not-installed"babl-devel
not-installed"backintime
not-installed"backintime
not-installed"backintime-lang
not-installed"backintime-qt4
not-installed"baekmuk-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"baekmuk-ttf-fonts
not-installed"baka-mplayer
not-installed"baka-mplayer
not-installed"baka-mplayer-debuginfo
not-installed"baka-mplayer-debugsource
installed"baloo5
not-installed"baloo5-devel
installed"baloo5-file
installed"baloo5-imports
installed"baloo5-kioslaves
installed"baloo5-lang
installed"baloo5-tools
installed"baloo5-widgets
not-installed"baloo5-widgets-devel
installed"baloo5-widgets-lang
not-installed"balsa
not-installed"balsa-lang
not-installed"bam
not-installed"bamf-daemon
not-installed"bamf-devel
not-installed"bamf-doc
not-installed"baobab
not-installed"baobab-lang
not-installed"barbie_seahorse_adventures
not-installed"barcode
not-installed"barcode-devel
not-installed"bareftp
installed"base
installed"bash
not-installed"bash
installed"bash-completion
not-installed"bash-devel
installed"bash-doc
installed"bash-lang
not-installed"bash-loadables
not-installed"bashdb
not-installed"bashdb
not-installed"batctl
not-installed"bats
not-installed"bb
not-installed"bbe
not-installed"bbswitch
not-installed"bbswitch
not-installed"bbswitch-kmp-default
installed"bc
not-installed"bcache-tools
not-installed"bcc-devel
not-installed"bcc-examples
not-installed"bcc-tools
not-installed"bcel
not-installed"bcel5_3
not-installed"bcel5_3-javadoc
not-installed"bchunk
not-installed"bchunk
not-installed"bchunk-debuginfo
not-installed"bcm20702a1-firmware
not-installed"bcm43xx-firmware
not-installed"bctoolbox
not-installed"bctoolbox-debugsource
not-installed"bctoolbox-devel
not-installed"bcunit-devel
not-installed"bcunit-doc
not-installed"bdfresize
not-installed"bdftopcf
not-installed"bea-stax
not-installed"bea-stax-api
not-installed"beansbinding
not-installed"beansbinding-javadoc
not-installed"beaver
not-installed"beforelight
not-installed"beignet
not-installed"beignet-devel
not-installed"belcard-devel
not-installed"belle-sip
not-installed"belle-sip-debugsource
not-installed"belle-sip-devel
not-installed"belle-sip-devel-debuginfo
not-installed"belr-devel
not-installed"benchmark-devel
not-installed"bento4
not-installed"bento4
not-installed"bento4-debuginfo
not-installed"bento4-debugsource
not-installed"bento4-devel
not-installed"berkeleydb
not-installed"berkeleydb-demo
not-installed"berkeleydb-javadoc
not-installed"berkeleydb-manual
not-installed"bestplugins
not-installed"bff
not-installed"bff4
not-installed"biabam
not-installed"biblesync-devel
not-installed"bibletime
not-installed"bibtool
not-installed"bibview
not-installed"bigreqsproto-devel
not-installed"bijiben
not-installed"bijiben-lang
installed"bin86
not-installed"bind
not-installed"bind
not-installed"bind-chrootenv
not-installed"bind-devel
not-installed"bind-doc
installed"bind-libs
not-installed"bind-libs-32bit
not-installed"bind-lwresd
installed"bind-utils
not-installed"bindfs
not-installed"bing
not-installed"bino
not-installed"bino
not-installed"bino-debuginfo
not-installed"bino-debugsource
not-installed"bino-lang
installed"binutils
not-installed"binutils
installed"binutils-devel
not-installed"binutils-devel-32bit
not-installed"binutils-gold
not-installed"binwalk
not-installed"biosdevname
not-installed"birdie
not-installed"birdie-lang
installed"bison
not-installed"bison-32bit
not-installed"bitcoin-qt5
not-installed"bitcoin-test
not-installed"bitcoin-utils
not-installed"bitcoind
not-installed"bitlbee
not-installed"bitlbee-devel
not-installed"bitlbee-doc
not-installed"bitlbee-facebook
not-installed"bitlbee-facebook
not-installed"bitlbee-steam
not-installed"bitmap
not-installed"bitstream-vera-fonts
not-installed"blabel
not-installed"blabel
not-installed"blacs-devel-headers
not-installed"bladeRF
not-installed"bladeRF-devel
not-installed"bladeRF-udev
not-installed"blas-devel
not-installed"blas-devel-32bit
not-installed"blas-devel-static
not-installed"blas-man
not-installed"blasphemer
not-installed"bleachbit
not-installed"bleachbit-lang
not-installed"blender
not-installed"blender-lang
not-installed"bless
not-installed"bless-doc
not-installed"blinken
not-installed"blinken-lang
not-installed"blitz-devel
not-installed"blitz-doc
not-installed"blktrace
not-installed"bloaty
not-installed"blobAndConquer
not-installed"blobwars
not-installed"blobwars-lang
not-installed"blockout
installed"blog
not-installed"blog-devel
not-installed"blog-plymouth
not-installed"blogbench
not-installed"blogilo
not-installed"blogilo-lang
not-installed"blosc-devel
not-installed"blueberry
not-installed"blueberry-lang
installed"bluedevil5
installed"bluedevil5-lang
not-installed"bluefish
not-installed"bluefish
not-installed"blueman
not-installed"blueman-lang
not-installed"bluemoon
not-installed"blueprint-cursor-theme
not-installed"blueproximity
not-installed"blueproximity-lang
installed"bluez
not-installed"bluez
not-installed"bluez-cups
not-installed"bluez-devel
not-installed"bluez-devel-32bit
not-installed"bluez-firmware
not-installed"bluez-qt-devel
installed"bluez-qt-imports
installed"bluez-qt-udev
not-installed"bluez-test
not-installed"bluez-tools
not-installed"bmake
not-installed"bmon
not-installed"bogofilter-common
not-installed"bogofilter-db
not-installed"bogofilter-doc
not-installed"bogofilter-sqlite3
not-installed"boinc-client
not-installed"boinc-client-devel
not-installed"boinc-client-doc
not-installed"boinc-client-lang
not-installed"boinc-manager
not-installed"boinc-manager-lang
not-installed"bomber
not-installed"bomber-lang
not-installed"bomberclone
not-installed"bombono
not-installed"bombono
not-installed"bombono-debuginfo
not-installed"bombono-debugsource
not-installed"bombono-lang
not-installed"bomi
not-installed"bomi
not-installed"bomi-debuginfo
not-installed"bomi-debugsource
not-installed"bomns
not-installed"bonk
not-installed"bonk
not-installed"bonk-debuginfo
not-installed"bonnie
not-installed"bonnie++
not-installed"boo
not-installed"boo-2_0_9_3
not-installed"boo-devel
not-installed"books
not-installed"books
not-installed"boost-devel
not-installed"boost-devel-32bit
not-installed"boost-doc-html
not-installed"boost-doc-man
not-installed"boost-doc-pdf
not-installed"boost-jam
installed"boost-license1_54_0
not-installed"boost-license1_58_0
not-installed"boost-license1_61_0
not-installed"boost_1_58_0-devel
not-installed"boost_1_58_0-devel-32bit
not-installed"boost_1_58_0-doc-html
not-installed"boost_1_58_0-doc-pdf
not-installed"boost_1_61-devel
not-installed"boost_1_61-devel-32bit
not-installed"boost_1_61-doc-html
not-installed"boost_1_61-doc-pdf
not-installed"boost_1_61-quickbook
not-installed"bootchart
not-installed"bootcycle
not-installed"booth
not-installed"booth-test
not-installed"bootp-DD2
not-installed"bootsplash-branding-KDE
not-installed"bootsplash-branding-upstream
not-installed"borgbackup
not-installed"borgmatic
not-installed"bouncycastle
not-installed"bouncycastle-javadoc
not-installed"bovo
not-installed"bovo-lang
not-installed"bpg-fonts
not-installed"bpm-tools
not-installed"bpmdj
not-installed"bpmdj
not-installed"bpmdj-debuginfo
not-installed"bpmdj-debugsource
not-installed"bpython
installed"branding-openSUSE
not-installed"branding-upstream
not-installed"brasero
not-installed"brasero-devel
not-installed"brasero-lang
not-installed"brasero-nautilus
installed"breeze
installed"breeze4-style
installed"breeze5-cursors
installed"breeze5-decoration
installed"breeze5-icons
installed"breeze5-style
installed"breeze5-style-lang
installed"breeze5-wallpapers
not-installed"brevity
not-installed"bridge-utils
not-installed"bridge-utils-devel
not-installed"brise
not-installed"brisk-menu
not-installed"brisk-menu-lang
not-installed"bristol
not-installed"bristol
not-installed"bristol-debuginfo
not-installed"bristol-debugsource
not-installed"brlapi-devel
not-installed"brlapi-java
not-installed"brlemu
not-installed"brltty
not-installed"brltty-driver-at-spi2
not-installed"brltty-driver-brlapi
not-installed"brltty-driver-espeak
not-installed"brltty-driver-libbraille
not-installed"brltty-driver-speech-dispatcher
not-installed"brltty-driver-xwindow
not-installed"brltty-lang
not-installed"brltty-utils
not-installed"broadcom-wl
not-installed"broadcom-wl
not-installed"broadcom-wl-debugsource
not-installed"broadcom-wl-kmp-default
not-installed"broadcom-wl-kmp-default-debuginfo
not-installed"broadcom-wl-kmp-pv
not-installed"broadcom-wl-kmp-pv-debuginfo
not-installed"broadcom-wl-kmp-xen
not-installed"broadcom-wl-kmp-xen-debuginfo
not-installed"brp-check-suse
not-installed"brp-extract-appdata
not-installed"brp-trim-translations
not-installed"bs
not-installed"bs-update
not-installed"bs2b-tools
not-installed"bsd-games
not-installed"bsdiff
installed"bsdtar
not-installed"bsf
not-installed"bsf-javadoc
not-installed"bsh
not-installed"bsh-demo
not-installed"bsh-javadoc
not-installed"bsh-manual
not-installed"bsh2
not-installed"bsh2-bsf
not-installed"bsh2-classgen
not-installed"bsh2-demo
not-installed"bsh2-javadoc
not-installed"bsh2-manual
not-installed"bsh2-src
not-installed"bsod
not-installed"bsod
not-installed"bsod-debuginfo
not-installed"bsod-debugsource
not-installed"bspwm
not-installed"btcflash
not-installed"btrfs-extent-same
installed"btrfsmaintenance
installed"btrfsprogs
installed"btrfsprogs-udev-rules
not-installed"buffer
not-installed"bugreporter
installed"build
not-installed"build
not-installed"build-compare
not-installed"build-initvm-i586
not-installed"build-initvm-x86_64
installed"build-mkbaselibs
installed"build-mkdrpms
not-installed"bulk_extractor
not-installed"bumblebee
not-installed"burn_360
not-installed"burn_360
not-installed"burncdda
not-installed"burncdda
not-installed"busybox
not-installed"busybox-static
not-installed"butt
not-installed"butt
not-installed"butt-debuginfo
not-installed"butt-debugsource
not-installed"buzztrax
not-installed"buzztrax
not-installed"buzztrax-debuginfo
not-installed"buzztrax-debugsource
not-installed"buzztrax-lang
not-installed"buzztrax-plugins
not-installed"buzztrax-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"bvi
not-installed"bwbar
not-installed"bwidget
not-installed"byacc
not-installed"byaccj
not-installed"bytelist
installed"byzanz
installed"byzanz-lang
not-installed"bzflag
installed"bzip2
not-installed"bzip2-doc
not-installed"bzr
not-installed"bzr-lang
not-installed"bzr-test
not-installed"bzrtp
not-installed"bzrtp-debugsource
not-installed"bzrtp-devel
not-installed"c2hs
not-installed"c_count
installed"ca-certificates
not-installed"ca-certificates-cacert
installed"ca-certificates-mozilla
not-installed"ca-certificates-mozilla
not-installed"cab
not-installed"cabal-install
not-installed"cabal-rpm
installed"cabextract
not-installed"caca-utils
not-installed"cachefilesd
not-installed"cacti
not-installed"cacti
not-installed"cacti-doc
not-installed"cacti-spine
not-installed"cacti-spine
not-installed"cadaver
not-installed"caffeine
not-installed"cairo-clock
not-installed"cairo-clock-lang
installed"cairo-devel
not-installed"cairo-devel-32bit
not-installed"cairo-tools
not-installed"cairomm-devel
not-installed"cairomm-devel-32bit
not-installed"cairomm-doc
not-installed"caja
not-installed"caja-devel
not-installed"caja-engrampa
not-installed"caja-extension-actions
not-installed"caja-extension-actions-devel
not-installed"caja-extension-actions-doc
not-installed"caja-extension-actions-lang
not-installed"caja-extension-atril
not-installed"caja-extension-dropbox
not-installed"caja-extension-folder-color
not-installed"caja-extension-gksu
not-installed"caja-extension-image-converter
not-installed"caja-extension-nextcloud
not-installed"caja-extension-nitroshare
not-installed"caja-extension-open-terminal
not-installed"caja-extension-sendto
not-installed"caja-extension-sendto-devel
not-installed"caja-extension-sendto-gajim
not-installed"caja-extension-sendto-pidgin
not-installed"caja-extension-sendto-upnp
not-installed"caja-extension-share
not-installed"caja-extension-wallpaper
not-installed"caja-extension-xattr-tags
not-installed"caja-extension-xreader
not-installed"caja-extensions-common-lang
not-installed"caja-gschemas
not-installed"caja-lang
not-installed"cal10n
not-installed"cal10n-javadoc
not-installed"calamaris
installed"calc
not-installed"calc-devel
not-installed"calcurse
not-installed"calcurse-lang
installed"calendarsupport
not-installed"calendarsupport-devel
installed"calendarsupport-lang
not-installed"calf
not-installed"calf
not-installed"calf-debuginfo
not-installed"calf-debugsource
not-installed"calibre
not-installed"calibre
not-installed"calligra
not-installed"calligra-braindump
not-installed"calligra-devel
not-installed"calligra-doc
not-installed"calligra-extras-converter
not-installed"calligra-extras-dolphin
not-installed"calligra-extras-okular
not-installed"calligra-karbon
not-installed"calligra-lang
not-installed"calligra-plan
not-installed"calligra-sheets
not-installed"calligra-stage
not-installed"calligra-tools
not-installed"calligra-words
not-installed"camlistore-daemon
not-installed"camlistore-utils
not-installed"camsource
not-installed"camsource-devel
not-installed"canberra-gtk-play
not-installed"canberra-gtk-play-gnome
not-installed"canna
not-installed"canna-devel
not-installed"canna-libs
not-installed"canna-libs-32bit
not-installed"canna-yubin
not-installed"cannadic
installed"cantarell-fonts
not-installed"cantor
not-installed"cantor-devel
not-installed"cantor-lang
not-installed"canutils
not-installed"canutils-linuxcan
not-installed"capi4hylafax
not-installed"capi4linux
not-installed"capi4linux-32bit
not-installed"capi4linux-devel
not-installed"capi4linux-devel-32bit
not-installed"capifax
not-installed"capifax
not-installed"capifax-debuginfo
not-installed"capifax-debugsource
not-installed"cardpeek
not-installed"cargo
not-installed"caribou
not-installed"caribou-common
not-installed"caribou-devel
not-installed"caribou-gtk-module-common
not-installed"caribou-gtk2-module
not-installed"caribou-gtk3-module
not-installed"caribou-lang
not-installed"carla
not-installed"carla
not-installed"carla-debuginfo
not-installed"carla-debugsource
not-installed"carla-devel
not-installed"carla-vst
not-installed"caslon-fonts
not-installed"catcodec
installed"catdoc
not-installed"catdoc
not-installed"caudec
not-installed"caudec
installed"cava
not-installed"cblas-devel
not-installed"cblas-devel-32bit
not-installed"cblas-devel-static
not-installed"ccache
not-installed"ccaudio2
not-installed"ccaudio2-devel
not-installed"ccaudio2-devel-32bit
not-installed"ccaudio2-doc
not-installed"ccd2cue
not-installed"ccd2cue-doc
not-installed"ccd2iso
not-installed"ccd2iso
not-installed"ccd2iso-debuginfo
not-installed"ccd2iso-debugsource
not-installed"ccgfs
not-installed"cclive
not-installed"cclive
not-installed"cclive-debuginfo
not-installed"cclive-debugsource
not-installed"ccrtp-devel
not-installed"ccrtp-doc
not-installed"ccrypt
not-installed"ccscript3-devel
not-installed"ccscript3-modules
not-installed"ccze
not-installed"ccze-devel
not-installed"cd-discid
not-installed"cd-paranoia
not-installed"cdctl
not-installed"cdctl
not-installed"cdctl-debuginfo
not-installed"cdctl-debugsource
not-installed"cdda2wav
not-installed"cddlib-devel
not-installed"cdecl
not-installed"cdemu-client
not-installed"cdemu-client-lang
not-installed"cdemu-daemon
not-installed"cdi2iso
not-installed"cdi2iso
not-installed"cdi2iso-debuginfo
not-installed"cdio-utils
not-installed"cdk-devel
not-installed"cdparanoia
not-installed"cdparanoia-devel
installed"cdrdao
installed"cdrecord
not-installed"cdrkit-cdrtools-compat
not-installed"cdrkit-devel-static
not-installed"cdrskin
not-installed"cdrtools
not-installed"cec-client
not-installed"cec-client-debuginfo
not-installed"cecilia
not-installed"cedict
not-installed"cedilla
not-installed"cellwriter
not-installed"celt
not-installed"celt051
not-installed"celt051-devel
not-installed"ceph
not-installed"ceph
not-installed"ceph-base
not-installed"ceph-common
not-installed"ceph-deploy
not-installed"ceph-fuse
not-installed"ceph-mds
not-installed"ceph-mgr
not-installed"ceph-mon
not-installed"ceph-osd
not-installed"ceph-radosgw
not-installed"ceph-resource-agents
not-installed"ceph-test
not-installed"ceph-test
not-installed"cereal-devel
not-installed"certbot
not-installed"certbot-doc
not-installed"cervisia
not-installed"cervisia-lang
not-installed"cetcd-devel
not-installed"cfengine
not-installed"cfengine-doc
not-installed"cfengine-examples
not-installed"cfengine-masterfiles
not-installed"cfitsio
not-installed"cfitsio-devel
not-installed"cfitsio-devel-doc
not-installed"cfityk
not-installed"cflow
not-installed"cg
not-installed"cg-32bit
not-installed"cg-devel
not-installed"cgal-demo-examples-devel
not-installed"cgal-devel
not-installed"cgal-doc
not-installed"cgdb
not-installed"cgdcbxd
not-installed"cgit
not-installed"cglib
not-installed"cglib-javadoc
not-installed"chameleon
not-installed"charybdis
not-installed"chasen
not-installed"chasen-devel
not-installed"chck-devel
not-installed"check-create-certificate
not-installed"check-devel
not-installed"checkbashisms
installed"checkmedia
not-installed"checkpolicy
not-installed"cheese
not-installed"cheese-devel
not-installed"cheese-lang
not-installed"cheesetracker
not-installed"cheesetracker
not-installed"cheesetracker-debuginfo
not-installed"cheesetracker-debugsource
not-installed"chemical-mime-data
not-installed"cherrytree
not-installed"cherrytree-lang
not-installed"chessx
not-installed"chessx
not-installed"chessx-debuginfo
not-installed"chessx-debugsource
not-installed"chewing-data
not-installed"chewing-utils
not-installed"chmlib-devel
not-installed"chmlib-devel-32bit
not-installed"chmlib-examples
not-installed"chocolate-doom
not-installed"choqok
not-installed"choqok-devel
not-installed"chromaprint
not-installed"chromaprint-debugsource
not-installed"chromaprint-fpcalc
not-installed"chromaprint-fpcalc-debuginfo
not-installed"chrome-gnome-shell
installed"chromedriver
installed"chromium
not-installed"chromium
not-installed"chromium-bsu
not-installed"chromium-ffmpeg-extra
not-installed"chromium-ffmpeg-extra
not-installed"chromium-ffmpeg-extra-debuginfo
not-installed"chromium-ffmpeg-extra-debugsource
not-installed"chromium-plugin-widevinecdm
not-installed"chromium-plugin-widevinecdm
not-installed"chrony
not-installed"chrpath
installed"cifs-utils
not-installed"cifs-utils
not-installed"cifs-utils-devel
not-installed"cim-schema
not-installed"cimple
not-installed"cimple-cmpi-adapter
not-installed"cimple-devel
not-installed"cimple-pegasus-adapter
not-installed"cinnamon
not-installed"cinnamon-control-center
not-installed"cinnamon-control-center-common
not-installed"cinnamon-control-center-devel
not-installed"cinnamon-control-center-lang
not-installed"cinnamon-gschemas
not-installed"cinnamon-gschemas-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"cinnamon-gschemas-branding-upstream
not-installed"cinnamon-metatheme-numix
not-installed"cinnamon-screensaver
not-installed"cinnamon-session
not-installed"cinnamon-session-lang
not-installed"cinnamon-settings-daemon
not-installed"cinnamon-settings-daemon-devel
not-installed"cinnamon-settings-daemon-lang
not-installed"cinnamon-themes
not-installed"cinnamon-translations
not-installed"circuslinux
not-installed"cjs
not-installed"cjs-devel
not-installed"ckermit
not-installed"ckermit-doc
not-installed"clamav
not-installed"clamav
installed"clamz
not-installed"clanlib
not-installed"clanlib-devel
not-installed"clanlib-doc
not-installed"clanlib-examples
not-installed"classpathx-mail
not-installed"classpathx-mail-javadoc
not-installed"classworlds
not-installed"classworlds-javadoc
not-installed"claws-mail
not-installed"claws-mail-devel
not-installed"claws-mail-lang
not-installed"clawsker
not-installed"clawsker
not-installed"clawsker-lang
not-installed"cld2-devel
not-installed"clementine
not-installed"clicfs
not-installed"clinfo
not-installed"clipboard
not-installed"clipgrab
not-installed"clipgrab
not-installed"clipgrab-debuginfo
not-installed"clipgrab-debugsource
not-installed"clisp
not-installed"clisp-doc
not-installed"clive
not-installed"clive
not-installed"clive-utils
not-installed"clive-utils
not-installed"clivefeed
not-installed"clivepass
not-installed"clivescan
installed"cln
not-installed"cln-devel
not-installed"cloog-isl
not-installed"cloog-isl-devel
not-installed"cloog-isl-devel-32bit
not-installed"cloud-init
not-installed"cloud-init
not-installed"cloud-init-config-suse
not-installed"cloud-init-doc
not-installed"cloud-init-test
not-installed"cloud-netconfig-azure
not-installed"cloud-netconfig-azure
not-installed"cloud-netconfig-ec2
not-installed"cloud-netconfig-ec2
not-installed"clpeak
not-installed"clucene-core-devel
not-installed"clucene-git
not-installed"clucene-git-debugsource
not-installed"cluster-glue
not-installed"clustershell
not-installed"clustershell
not-installed"clusterssh
not-installed"clutter-devel
not-installed"clutter-gst-devel
not-installed"clutter-gst2-devel
not-installed"clutter-gtk-devel
installed"clutter-gtk-lang
installed"clutter-lang
not-installed"clzip
not-installed"cm-unicode-fonts
installed"cmake
not-installed"cmake-gui
not-installed"cmake-man
not-installed"cmark
not-installed"cmark-devel
installed"cmatrix
not-installed"cmis-client
not-installed"cmpi-bindings-perl
not-installed"cmpi-bindings-pywbem
not-installed"cmpi-bindings-ruby
not-installed"cmpi-bindings-ruby-doc
not-installed"cmpi-provider-register
not-installed"cmpi-pywbem-base
not-installed"cmpi-pywbem-power-management
not-installed"cmpi-pywbem-software
not-installed"cmuclmtk
not-installed"cmus
not-installed"cmus
not-installed"cmus-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-debugsource
not-installed"cmus-plugin-aac
not-installed"cmus-plugin-aac-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-cdio
not-installed"cmus-plugin-cdio-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-cue
not-installed"cmus-plugin-cue-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-ffmpeg
not-installed"cmus-plugin-ffmpeg-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-mad
not-installed"cmus-plugin-mad-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-modplug
not-installed"cmus-plugin-modplug-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-mpc
not-installed"cmus-plugin-mpc-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-opus
not-installed"cmus-plugin-opus-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-pulse
not-installed"cmus-plugin-pulse-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-roar
not-installed"cmus-plugin-roar-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugin-wavpack
not-installed"cmus-plugin-wavpack-debuginfo
not-installed"cmus-plugins-all
not-installed"cntlm
not-installed"cobbler
not-installed"cobbler
not-installed"cobbler-tests
not-installed"cobbler-web
not-installed"coccigrep
not-installed"coccinelle
not-installed"codec2
not-installed"codec2-devel
not-installed"codec2-examples
not-installed"codelite
not-installed"cogl-devel
installed"cogl-lang
not-installed"colcmp
not-installed"collectd
not-installed"collectd-plugin-dbi
not-installed"collectd-plugin-ipmi
not-installed"collectd-plugin-java
not-installed"collectd-plugin-memcachec
not-installed"collectd-plugin-mysql
not-installed"collectd-plugin-notify-desktop
not-installed"collectd-plugin-pinba
not-installed"collectd-plugin-postgresql
not-installed"collectd-plugin-python
not-installed"collectd-plugin-snmp
not-installed"collectd-plugin-virt
not-installed"collectd-plugins-all
not-installed"collectd-spamassassin
not-installed"collectd-web
not-installed"collectd-web-js
not-installed"collectl
not-installed"colm-devel
not-installed"color-filesystem
not-installed"colorblind-devel
not-installed"colord
not-installed"colord-gtk
not-installed"colord-gtk-lang
not-installed"colord-kde
not-installed"colord-kde-lang
not-installed"colord-lang
not-installed"colordiff
not-installed"colorhug-client
not-installed"colorhug-client-lang
not-installed"colormake
not-installed"comgt
not-installed"comgt
not-installed"comgt-debuginfo
not-installed"comgt-debugsource
not-installed"comix
not-installed"comix-lang
installed"command-not-found
not-installed"commoncpp2-devel
not-installed"commoncpp2-doc
not-installed"compartm
not-installed"compat-32bit
not-installed"compat-openssl098
not-installed"compat-readline4
not-installed"compcache
not-installed"compface
not-installed"compface-devel
not-installed"compicc
not-installed"compiz
not-installed"compiz-bcop
not-installed"compiz-branding-SLED
not-installed"compiz-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"compiz-branding-upstream
not-installed"compiz-devel
not-installed"compiz-emerald
not-installed"compiz-emerald-devel
not-installed"compiz-emerald-lang
not-installed"compiz-emerald-theme-manager
not-installed"compiz-emerald-themes
not-installed"compiz-gnome
not-installed"compiz-lang
not-installed"compiz-manager
not-installed"compiz-plugins
not-installed"compiz-plugins-experimental
not-installed"compiz-plugins-experimental-devel
not-installed"compiz-plugins-experimental-lang
not-installed"compiz-plugins-extra
not-installed"compiz-plugins-extra-devel
not-installed"compiz-plugins-extra-lang
not-installed"compiz-plugins-main
not-installed"compiz-plugins-main-devel
not-installed"compiz-plugins-main-lang
not-installed"compizconfig-settings-manager
not-installed"compizconfig-settings-manager-common
not-installed"compizconfig-settings-manager-lang
not-installed"compositeproto-devel
not-installed"compton
not-installed"compton-conf
not-installed"compton-conf-lang
not-installed"concurrent
not-installed"concurrent-javadoc
not-installed"conduit
not-installed"conduit-lang
not-installed"conglomerate
not-installed"conglomerate-doc
not-installed"conglomerate-lang
not-installed"conkeror
installed"conky
not-installed"conky
not-installed"conky-debuginfo
not-installed"conky-debugsource
installed"conky-doc
not-installed"conman
not-installed"connect
not-installed"connect
not-installed"conntrack-tools
not-installed"console
not-installed"console-setup
not-installed"containerd
not-installed"containerd
not-installed"containerd-ctr
not-installed"containerd-test
not-installed"converseen
not-installed"converseen-lang
not-installed"convmv
not-installed"cool-retro-term
not-installed"coolkey
not-installed"coolkey
not-installed"coolkey-32bit
not-installed"coolkey-devel
not-installed"copy-agent
not-installed"copy-agent
not-installed"copy-agent-gnome
not-installed"copy-agent-mate
not-installed"corebird
not-installed"corebird-lang
not-installed"coreboot-utils
installed"coreutils
not-installed"coreutils
installed"coreutils-lang
not-installed"coreutils-testsuite
not-installed"coreutils-testsuite
not-installed"corosync
not-installed"corosync
not-installed"corosync-testagents
not-installed"courier-authlib
not-installed"courier-authlib-devel
not-installed"courier-authlib-ldap
not-installed"courier-authlib-mysql
not-installed"courier-authlib-pgsql
not-installed"courier-authlib-pipe
not-installed"courier-authlib-sqlite
not-installed"courier-authlib-userdb
not-installed"courier-imap
not-installed"courier-unicode-devel
not-installed"courier-unicode-doc
not-installed"cowsay
not-installed"cpanspec
not-installed"cpdvd
not-installed"cpdvd
installed"cpio
installed"cpio-lang
not-installed"cpmono_v07-fonts
installed"cpp
installed"cpp48
not-installed"cpp5
not-installed"cpp6
not-installed"cpp7
not-installed"cppcheck
not-installed"cppcheck-gui
not-installed"cppdb-devel
not-installed"cppdb-doc
not-installed"cpphs
not-installed"cppi
not-installed"cppi-lang
not-installed"cpprest-devel
not-installed"cpptasks
not-installed"cpptasks-javadoc
not-installed"cppunit
not-installed"cppunit-devel
not-installed"cppunit-devel-32bit
not-installed"cppunit-devel-doc
not-installed"cppzmq-devel
not-installed"cppzmq-devel
not-installed"cpuid
not-installed"cpulimit
installed"cpupower
not-installed"cpupower
not-installed"cpupower-bench
not-installed"cpupower-devel
not-installed"cpuset
not-installed"cpustat
not-installed"cpvts
not-installed"cpvts
installed"cracklib
not-installed"cracklib-devel
not-installed"cracklib-devel-32bit
installed"cracklib-dict-full
not-installed"cracklib-dict-small
not-installed"crafty
not-installed"crafty
not-installed"crafty-debuginfo
not-installed"cram
not-installed"crash
not-installed"crash
not-installed"crash-devel
not-installed"crash-doc
not-installed"crash-eppic
not-installed"crash-gcore
not-installed"crash-kmp-default
not-installed"crawl
not-installed"crawl-data
not-installed"crawl-sdl
installed"crda
not-installed"create-resources
not-installed"createrepo
not-installed"createrepo_c
not-installed"criu
not-installed"criu-devel
not-installed"crmsh
not-installed"crmsh-scripts
not-installed"crmsh-test
installed"cron
not-installed"cronic
installed"cronie
not-installed"cronie-anacron
not-installed"cross-aarch64-binutils
not-installed"cross-aarch64-binutils
not-installed"cross-aarch64-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-aarch64-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-arm-binutils
not-installed"cross-arm-binutils
not-installed"cross-armv6hl-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-armv6hl-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-armv7hl-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-armv7hl-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-avr-binutils
not-installed"cross-avr-binutils
not-installed"cross-hppa-binutils
not-installed"cross-hppa-binutils
not-installed"cross-hppa-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-hppa64-binutils
not-installed"cross-hppa64-binutils
not-installed"cross-i386-binutils
not-installed"cross-i386-binutils
not-installed"cross-i386-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-i386-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-ia64-binutils
not-installed"cross-ia64-binutils
not-installed"cross-ia64-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-ia64-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-m68k-binutils
not-installed"cross-m68k-binutils
not-installed"cross-mips-binutils
not-installed"cross-mips-binutils
not-installed"cross-nvptx-gcc7
not-installed"cross-nvptx-gcc7
not-installed"cross-nvptx-newlib7-devel
not-installed"cross-ppc-binutils
not-installed"cross-ppc-binutils
not-installed"cross-ppc-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-ppc-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-ppc64-binutils
not-installed"cross-ppc64-binutils
not-installed"cross-ppc64-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-ppc64-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-ppc64le-binutils
not-installed"cross-ppc64le-binutils
not-installed"cross-ppc64le-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-ppc64le-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-s390-binutils
not-installed"cross-s390-binutils
not-installed"cross-s390-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-s390-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-s390x-binutils
not-installed"cross-s390x-binutils
not-installed"cross-s390x-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-s390x-gcc48-icecream-backend
not-installed"cross-sparc-binutils
not-installed"cross-sparc-binutils
not-installed"cross-sparc64-binutils
not-installed"cross-sparc64-binutils
not-installed"cross-spu-binutils
not-installed"cross-spu-binutils
not-installed"cross-x86_64-binutils
not-installed"crosstool-ng
not-installed"crudini
not-installed"cryptconfig
not-installed"cryptconfig-32bit
not-installed"cryptctl
not-installed"cryptctl
installed"cryptsetup
not-installed"crystalhd-firmware
not-installed"cscope
not-installed"csindex
not-installed"csmash
not-installed"csmith
not-installed"csound
not-installed"csound-devel
not-installed"csvprintf
not-installed"csync
not-installed"csync2
not-installed"ctags
not-installed"ctdb
not-installed"ctdb-tests
not-installed"cttop
not-installed"cudd-devel
not-installed"cuetools
not-installed"cuetools
not-installed"cuetools-debuginfo
not-installed"cuetools-debugsource
not-installed"culmus-ancient-semitic-fonts
not-installed"culmus-fonts
not-installed"cunit-devel
not-installed"cunit-doc
installed"cups
not-installed"cups
not-installed"cups-airprint
not-installed"cups-backends
installed"cups-client
not-installed"cups-ddk
not-installed"cups-devel
installed"cups-filters
not-installed"cups-filters
installed"cups-filters-cups-browsed
not-installed"cups-filters-devel
installed"cups-filters-foomatic-rip
installed"cups-filters-ghostscript
installed"cups-libs
installed"cups-libs-32bit
not-installed"cups-pdf
installed"cups-pk-helper
installed"cups-pk-helper-lang
installed"curl
not-installed"curl
not-installed"curlew
not-installed"curlew
not-installed"curlew-lang
not-installed"curlftpfs
not-installed"cutecom
not-installed"cutmp3
not-installed"cutmp3
not-installed"cutmp3-debuginfo
not-installed"cutmp3-debugsource
not-installed"cutmp3-doc
not-installed"cv
installed"cvs
not-installed"cvs
not-installed"cvs-doc
not-installed"cvs2svn
installed"cvsps
not-installed"cxref
not-installed"cxsc
not-installed"cxsc-devel
not-installed"cxxtools-devel
not-installed"cyradm
not-installed"cyreal-alice-fonts
not-installed"cyreal-junge-fonts
not-installed"cyreal-lobster-cyrillic-fonts
not-installed"cyreal-lora-fonts
not-installed"cyreal-marko-horobchyk-fonts
not-installed"cyreal-marmelad-fonts
not-installed"cyreal-wire-fonts
not-installed"cyrus-imapd
not-installed"cyrus-imapd-devel
not-installed"cyrus-imapd-snmp
not-installed"cyrus-imapd-snmp-mibs
not-installed"cyrus-imapd-utils
installed"cyrus-sasl
not-installed"cyrus-sasl
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-32bit
installed"cyrus-sasl-crammd5
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-crammd5-32bit
installed"cyrus-sasl-devel
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-devel-32bit
installed"cyrus-sasl-digestmd5
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-digestmd5-32bit
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-gs2
installed"cyrus-sasl-gssapi
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-gssapi-32bit
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-ldap-auxprop
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-ldap-auxprop-32bit
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-ntlm
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-otp
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-otp-32bit
installed"cyrus-sasl-plain
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-plain-32bit
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-saslauthd
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-saslauthd
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-scram
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-sqlauxprop
not-installed"cyrus-sasl-sqlauxprop-32bit
not-installed"czmq
not-installed"czmq-devel
not-installed"d-feet
not-installed"d-feet-lang
not-installed"d0_blind_id
not-installed"d0_blind_id-devel
not-installed"dSFMT-devel
not-installed"dai-banna-fonts
installed"damageproto-devel
not-installed"dante
not-installed"dante-devel
not-installed"dante-devel-32bit
not-installed"dante-server
not-installed"dapl
not-installed"dapl-debug
not-installed"dapl-debug-devel
not-installed"dapl-debug-libs
not-installed"dapl-debug-utils
not-installed"dapl-devel
not-installed"dapl-devel-32bit
not-installed"dapl-doc
not-installed"dapl-utils
not-installed"daps
not-installed"dar
not-installed"dar-lang
not-installed"darcs
not-installed"darkice
not-installed"darkice
not-installed"darkice-debuginfo
not-installed"darkice-debugsource
not-installed"darktable
not-installed"darktable
not-installed"darktable-doc
not-installed"darts
not-installed"dash
not-installed"dasher
not-installed"dasher-data-extras
not-installed"dasher-data-recommended
not-installed"dasher-lang
not-installed"dataquay
not-installed"datefudge
not-installed"dateutils
not-installed"datovka
not-installed"datovka
not-installed"db45-doc
not-installed"db45-utils
not-installed"db45-utils-doc
not-installed"db48-doc
installed"db48-utils
not-installed"dbench
not-installed"dbench4
not-installed"dbh-devel
not-installed"dblatex
not-installed"dbsplit-tools
installed"dbus-1
not-installed"dbus-1-devel
not-installed"dbus-1-devel-32bit
not-installed"dbus-1-devel-doc
installed"dbus-1-glib
installed"dbus-1-glib-32bit
not-installed"dbus-1-glib-devel
not-installed"dbus-1-glib-devel-32bit
not-installed"dbus-1-glib-doc
not-installed"dbus-1-mono
not-installed"dbus-1-presage
installed"dbus-1-python
not-installed"dbus-1-python-devel
installed"dbus-1-python3
not-installed"dbus-1-python3-devel
not-installed"dbus-1-qt3
not-installed"dbus-1-qt3-32bit
not-installed"dbus-1-qt3-devel
installed"dbus-1-x11
not-installed"dbus-sharp
not-installed"dbus-sharp-devel
not-installed"dbus-sharp-glib
not-installed"dbus-sharp-glib-devel
not-installed"dbus-sharp-glib2
not-installed"dbus-sharp-glib2-devel
not-installed"dbus-sharp2
not-installed"dbus-sharp2-devel
not-installed"dbusxml2qt3
not-installed"dbview
not-installed"dc3dd
not-installed"dc3dd-lang
not-installed"dcadec
not-installed"dcadec
not-installed"dcadec-debuginfo
not-installed"dcadec-debugsource
not-installed"dcaenc
not-installed"dcaenc
not-installed"dcaenc-debuginfo
not-installed"dcaenc-debugsource
not-installed"dcatools
not-installed"dcatools
not-installed"dcatools-debuginfo
not-installed"dcatools-debugsource
not-installed"dcmtk
not-installed"dcmtk-devel
installed"dconf
not-installed"dconf-devel
not-installed"dconf-editor
not-installed"dconf-editor-lang
not-installed"dcraw
not-installed"dcraw-lang
not-installed"dd_rescue
not-installed"dd_rhelp
not-installed"ddccontrol
not-installed"ddccontrol-db
not-installed"ddccontrol-db-lang
not-installed"ddccontrol-devel
not-installed"ddccontrol-doc
not-installed"ddccontrol-gtk
not-installed"ddccontrol-lang
not-installed"ddclient
not-installed"ddd
not-installed"ddd-doc
not-installed"ddpt
not-installed"dds2tar
not-installed"ddskk
not-installed"deadbeef
not-installed"deadbeef
not-installed"deadbeef-debuginfo
not-installed"deadbeef-debugsource
not-installed"deadbeef-devel
not-installed"deadbeef-lang
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-mpris2
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-mpris2
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-mpris2-debuginfo
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-mpris2-debugsource
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier-debuginfo
not-installed"deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier-debugsource
not-installed"deadbeef-plugins-extra
not-installed"deadbeef-plugins-extra-debuginfo
not-installed"debhelper
not-installed"debootstrap
not-installed"dee-devel
not-installed"deepin-gsettings
not-installed"deepin-media-player
not-installed"deepin-media-player
not-installed"deepin-media-player-lang
not-installed"deepin-music-player
not-installed"deepin-music-player-lang
not-installed"deepin-tool-kit
not-installed"deepin-ui
not-installed"deepin-utils
not-installed"dehydrated
not-installed"dehydrated-apache2
not-installed"dehydrated-lighttpd
not-installed"dehydrated-nginx
not-installed"deja-dup
not-installed"deja-dup-lang
not-installed"dejagnu
installed"dejavu-fonts
not-installed"delaguardo-inconsolata_lgc-fonts
not-installed"delayacct-utils
not-installed"delta
not-installed"deltafs
installed"deltarpm
not-installed"deluge
not-installed"deluge-lang
not-installed"derive
installed"desktop-data-openSUSE
not-installed"desktop-data-openSUSE-extra
installed"desktop-file-utils
installed"desktop-translations
not-installed"deutex
not-installed"dev86
not-installed"devede
not-installed"devede
not-installed"devede-lang
not-installed"devedeng
not-installed"devedeng
not-installed"devedeng-lang
not-installed"devel_C_C++
installed"devel_basis
not-installed"devel_gnome
not-installed"devel_ide
not-installed"devel_java
not-installed"devel_kde
not-installed"devel_kde_frameworks
not-installed"devel_kernel
not-installed"devel_mono
not-installed"devel_perl
not-installed"devel_python
not-installed"devel_python3
not-installed"devel_qt4
not-installed"devel_qt5
not-installed"devel_rpm_build
not-installed"devel_ruby
not-installed"devel_tcl
not-installed"devel_web
not-installed"devel_yast
not-installed"devhelp
not-installed"devhelp-devel
not-installed"devhelp-lang
installed"device-mapper
not-installed"device-mapper-32bit
not-installed"device-mapper-devel
not-installed"device-mapper-devel-32bit
not-installed"devidify
not-installed"devidify
not-installed"devilspie2
not-installed"devmem2
not-installed"devscripts
not-installed"dex
not-installed"dfc
not-installed"dfu-programmer
not-installed"dh-autoreconf
not-installed"dh-make
installed"dhcp
not-installed"dhcp
installed"dhcp-client
not-installed"dhcp-devel
not-installed"dhcp-doc
not-installed"dhcp-relay
not-installed"dhcp-server
not-installed"dhcp-tools
not-installed"dhcp_dns_server
not-installed"dhcpdetector
not-installed"dhcpdetector
not-installed"di
not-installed"di
not-installed"di-debuginfo
not-installed"di-debugsource
not-installed"dia
not-installed"dia-lang
installed"dialog
not-installed"dialog-devel
not-installed"dialog-examples
not-installed"dianara
not-installed"dicts
not-installed"dietlibc
not-installed"diff-pdf
not-installed"diffmk
not-installed"diffoscope
not-installed"diffoscope
not-installed"diffstat
installed"diffutils
installed"digiKam
installed"digikam
installed"digikam-doc
installed"digikam-lang
not-installed"dina-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"ding
not-installed"ding-dict-de_en
not-installed"dirac
not-installed"dirac-devel
not-installed"dirac-devel-32bit
not-installed"dirac-doc
not-installed"dirdiff
not-installed"directory_server
installed"dirmngr
installed"dirmngr-lang
not-installed"dirvish
not-installed"discount
not-installed"discover
not-installed"discover-lang
not-installed"discover-plasmoid
not-installed"diskimage-builder
not-installed"diskscan
not-installed"distcc
not-installed"distcc-gui
not-installed"distcc-server
not-installed"dita
not-installed"dita-ot
not-installed"djvu2pdf
not-installed"djvulibre
not-installed"djvulibre-djview4
not-installed"djvulibre-doc
not-installed"djvusmooth
not-installed"djvusmooth-lang
not-installed"dkimproxy
not-installed"dkms
not-installed"dkms
not-installed"dleyna-connector-dbus
not-installed"dleyna-core-devel
not-installed"dleyna-renderer
not-installed"dleyna-renderer-devel
not-installed"dleyna-server
not-installed"dleyna-server-devel
not-installed"dmapi-devel
installed"dmenu
installed"dmidecode
installed"dmraid
not-installed"dmraid
not-installed"dmtcp
not-installed"dmtcp-devel
not-installed"dmxproto-devel
installed"dmz-icon-theme-cursors
installed"dnsmasq
not-installed"dnsmasq
not-installed"dnsmasq-utils
not-installed"doc-gnu-ko
not-installed"docbook-css-stylesheets
not-installed"docbook-dsssl-stylesheets
not-installed"docbook-simple
not-installed"docbook-tdg
not-installed"docbook-toys
not-installed"docbook-utils
not-installed"docbook-utils-minimal
not-installed"docbook-xml-slides
not-installed"docbook-xml-website
not-installed"docbook-xsl-stylesheets
not-installed"docbook-xsl-stylesheets-scripts
not-installed"docbook2x
not-installed"docbook2x-doc
not-installed"docbook5-xsl-stylesheets
not-installed"docbook_3
not-installed"docbook_4
not-installed"docbook_5
not-installed"docker
not-installed"docker
not-installed"docker-bash-completion
not-installed"docker-compose
not-installed"docker-distribution
not-installed"docker-distribution-registry
not-installed"docker-img-store-setup
not-installed"docker-img-store-setup
not-installed"docker-libnetwork
not-installed"docker-runc
not-installed"docker-runc
not-installed"docker-runc-test
not-installed"docker-test
not-installed"docker-zsh-completion
not-installed"docky
not-installed"docky-devel
not-installed"docky-lang
not-installed"doctest
not-installed"dogtail
installed"dolphin
not-installed"dolphin-devel
installed"dolphin-part
installed"dolphin-part-lang
not-installed"dolphin-plugins
not-installed"dolphin-plugins-lang
not-installed"dom2-core-tests
not-installed"dom4j
not-installed"dom4j-demo
not-installed"dom4j-javadoc
not-installed"dom4j-manual
not-installed"domination
not-installed"domination-data
not-installed"doomsday
not-installed"doomsday
not-installed"doomsday-launcher
installed"dos2unix
installed"dosbox
not-installed"dosemu
installed"dosfstools
not-installed"dotconf
not-installed"dotconf-devel
not-installed"double-conversion-devel
not-installed"dovecot
not-installed"dovecot22
not-installed"dovecot22
not-installed"dovecot22-backend-mysql
not-installed"dovecot22-backend-pgsql
not-installed"dovecot22-backend-sqlite
not-installed"dovecot22-devel
not-installed"dovecot22-fts
not-installed"dovecot22-fts-lucene
not-installed"dovecot22-fts-solr
not-installed"dovecot22-fts-squat
not-installed"doxygen
not-installed"doxygen-doc
not-installed"doxywizard
not-installed"dpdk
not-installed"dpdk
not-installed"dpdk-devel
not-installed"dpdk-doc
not-installed"dpdk-examples
not-installed"dpdk-kmp-default
not-installed"dpdk-tools
not-installed"dpic
not-installed"dpic-doc
not-installed"dpkg
not-installed"dpkg-devel
not-installed"dpkg-lang
not-installed"drac
installed"dracut
not-installed"dracut
not-installed"dracut-fips
not-installed"dracut-kiwi-live
not-installed"dracut-kiwi-overlay
not-installed"dracut-tools
installed"dragonplayer
installed"dragonplayer-lang
not-installed"drbd
not-installed"drbd
not-installed"drbd-kmp-default
not-installed"drbd-utils
not-installed"drbd-utils
not-installed"dri2proto-devel
not-installed"dri3proto-devel
not-installed"driconf
installed"drkonqi5
not-installed"drm
installed"drm-kmp-default
not-installed"dropbox
not-installed"drops
not-installed"drracket
not-installed"drumstick
not-installed"drwright
not-installed"drwright-lang
not-installed"dsmidiwifi
not-installed"dsmidiwifi
not-installed"dsmidiwifi-debuginfo
not-installed"dssi
not-installed"dssi-devel
not-installed"dssi-linuxsampler
not-installed"dssi-linuxsampler-debuginfo
not-installed"dstat
not-installed"dt
not-installed"dtb-source
not-installed"dtc
not-installed"dtv-scan-tables
not-installed"dtv-scan-tables-v5
not-installed"dump
not-installed"dunelegacy
not-installed"dunst
not-installed"duperemove
not-installed"duplicity
not-installed"duply
not-installed"dustrac
not-installed"dv2sub
not-installed"dv2sub
not-installed"dv2sub-debuginfo
not-installed"dv2sub-debugsource
not-installed"dvb
not-installed"dvb-devel
not-installed"dvb-utils
not-installed"dvbsnoop
installed"dvd+rw-tools
not-installed"dvd-slideshow
not-installed"dvd-slideshow
not-installed"dvdauthor
not-installed"dvdauthor
not-installed"dvdauthor-debuginfo
not-installed"dvdauthor-debugsource
not-installed"dvdauthor07
not-installed"dvdauthor07
not-installed"dvdauthor07-debuginfo
not-installed"dvdauthor07-debugsource
not-installed"dvdbackup
not-installed"dvdbackup
not-installed"dvdbackup-debuginfo
not-installed"dvdbackup-debugsource
not-installed"dvdinfo
not-installed"dvdinfo
not-installed"dvdinfo-debuginfo
not-installed"dvdisaster
not-installed"dvdisaster
not-installed"dvdisaster-debuginfo
not-installed"dvdisaster-debugsource
not-installed"dvdisaster-docs
not-installed"dvdrip
not-installed"dvdrip
not-installed"dvdrip-debuginfo
not-installed"dvdshrink
not-installed"dvdshrink
not-installed"dvdwizard
not-installed"dvdwizard
not-installed"dvgrab
not-installed"dvgt
not-installed"dvswitch-git
not-installed"dvswitch-git
not-installed"dvswitch-git-client
not-installed"dvswitch-git-client-debuginfo
not-installed"dvswitch-git-debuginfo
not-installed"dvswitch-git-debugsource
not-installed"dvswitch-git-test
not-installed"dvswitch-git-test-debuginfo
not-installed"dwarves
not-installed"dwz
not-installed"dx
not-installed"dx-data
not-installed"dx-devel
not-installed"dx-doc
not-installed"dxflib-devel
not-installed"dxirc
not-installed"dxirc
not-installed"dxirc-debuginfo
not-installed"dxirc-debugsource
not-installed"dynamic-wallpapers-11x
not-installed"dynamips
not-installed"dzen2
not-installed"e16
installed"e2fsprogs
installed"e2fsprogs-devel
not-installed"e3
not-installed"eaglemode
not-installed"easy-rsa
not-installed"easytag
not-installed"easytag-lang
not-installed"eatmydata
not-installed"eb
not-installed"eb-devel
not-installed"eb-garamond-fonts
not-installed"eb-lang
not-installed"ebiso
not-installed"ebizzy
not-installed"eblook
not-installed"eboard
not-installed"eboard
not-installed"eboard-debuginfo
not-installed"ebook-tools
not-installed"ebtables
not-installed"ebur128
not-installed"ebur128-debugsource
not-installed"ecasound
not-installed"ecasound
not-installed"ecasound-debuginfo
not-installed"ecasound-debugsource
not-installed"ecasound-doc
not-installed"echomixer
not-installed"eciadsl-usermode
not-installed"ecj
not-installed"ecj-bootstrap
not-installed"eclipse-swt
not-installed"ecryptfs-utils
not-installed"ecryptfs-utils
not-installed"ecryptfs-utils-32bit
installed"ed
not-installed"edgar
not-installed"edict
not-installed"editorconfig
not-installed"editorconfig-core-c
not-installed"editres
not-installed"edje
not-installed"eekboard
not-installed"eekboard-devel
not-installed"eeyek-fonts
installed"efibootmgr
not-installed"efivar
not-installed"efivar-devel
not-installed"efl
not-installed"efl-devel
not-installed"efl-examples
not-installed"efl-testsuite
not-installed"efont-serif-fonts
installed"efont-unicode-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"eiciel
not-installed"eiciel-lang
not-installed"eigen3-devel
not-installed"ekiga
not-installed"ekiga-lang
not-installed"ekiga-plugins-evolution
not-installed"elektra
not-installed"elektra-qt-gui
not-installed"elementary
not-installed"elementary-cmake-modules
not-installed"elementary-examples
not-installed"elementary-icon-theme
not-installed"elemines
not-installed"elftoaout
installed"elfutils
not-installed"elib
not-installed"elilo
not-installed"elinks
not-installed"ell-devel
not-installed"elpa-devel
not-installed"elpa-devel-static
not-installed"elpa-tests
not-installed"elpa-tools
not-installed"elua
not-installed"emacs
not-installed"emacs
not-installed"emacs-apel
not-installed"emacs-auctex
not-installed"emacs-color-theme
not-installed"emacs-dash
not-installed"emacs-el
not-installed"emacs-flim
not-installed"emacs-haskell-mode
not-installed"emacs-info
not-installed"emacs-nox
not-installed"emacs-vm
not-installed"emacs-w3
not-installed"emacs-with-editor
not-installed"emacs-x11
not-installed"embryo
not-installed"emil
not-installed"emojione-color-font
not-installed"emount
not-installed"emount
not-installed"emount-debuginfo
not-installed"emount-debugsource
not-installed"empathy
not-installed"empathy
not-installed"empathy
not-installed"empathy-lang
installed"enblend-enfuse
not-installed"enca
not-installed"enca-devel
not-installed"encfs
not-installed"encfs-lang
not-installed"enchant-devel
not-installed"enchant-tools
not-installed"enchant-voikko
not-installed"enchant-voikko-32bit
not-installed"enchant-zemberek-32bit
not-installed"endless-sky
not-installed"enet-devel
not-installed"engauge-digitizer
not-installed"engauge-digitizer-doc
not-installed"engdic
not-installed"engine_pkcs11
not-installed"engrampa
not-installed"engrampa-lang
installed"enhanced_base
not-installed"enigmail
not-installed"enigmail
not-installed"enlightenment
not-installed"enlightenment
not-installed"enlightenment-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"enlightenment-branding-upstream
not-installed"enlightenment-devel
not-installed"enlightenment-doc-html
not-installed"enlightenment-profiles-openSUSE
not-installed"enlightenment-theme-cerium2
not-installed"enlightenment-theme-dark
not-installed"enlightenment-theme-openSUSE
not-installed"enlightenment-theme-openSUSE
not-installed"enlightenment-theme-openSUSE-ice
not-installed"enlightenment-theme-openSUSE-oliveleaf
not-installed"enlightenment-theme-upstream
not-installed"enlightenment-x-dark-icon-theme
installed"enscript
not-installed"entangle
not-installed"entangle-doc
not-installed"entangle-lang
not-installed"entangle-plugin-photobox
not-installed"entangle-plugin-shooter
not-installed"envoy
not-installed"envy24control
not-installed"eog
not-installed"eog-devel
not-installed"eog-lang
not-installed"eog-plugin-exif-display
not-installed"eog-plugin-export-to-folder
not-installed"eog-plugin-fit-to-width
not-installed"eog-plugin-fullscreenbg
not-installed"eog-plugin-hide-titlebar
not-installed"eog-plugin-light-theme
not-installed"eog-plugin-map
not-installed"eog-plugin-maximize-windows
not-installed"eog-plugin-postasa
not-installed"eog-plugin-pythonconsole
not-installed"eog-plugin-send-by-mail
not-installed"eog-plugin-slideshowshuffle
not-installed"eog-plugins
not-installed"eog-plugins-data
not-installed"eog-plugins-lang
not-installed"eom
not-installed"eom-devel
not-installed"eom-lang
not-installed"eperiodique
not-installed"epic
not-installed"epiphany
not-installed"epiphany-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"epiphany-branding-upstream
not-installed"epiphany-lang
not-installed"epplet-base
not-installed"epson-inkjet-printer-escpr
not-installed"epydoc
not-installed"epymc
not-installed"epymc-lang
not-installed"equalizer
not-installed"equalizer
not-installed"equalizer-debuginfo
not-installed"equalizer-debugsource
not-installed"equalizer-devel
not-installed"equalizer-doc
not-installed"equalx
not-installed"erfa-devel
not-installed"erfa-devel-static
not-installed"eric5
not-installed"eric5
not-installed"eric5-api
not-installed"erlang
not-installed"erlang
not-installed"erlang-debugger
not-installed"erlang-debugger-src
not-installed"erlang-dialyzer
not-installed"erlang-dialyzer-src
not-installed"erlang-diameter
not-installed"erlang-diameter-src
not-installed"erlang-doc
not-installed"erlang-epmd
not-installed"erlang-et
not-installed"erlang-et-src
not-installed"erlang-gs
not-installed"erlang-gs-src
not-installed"erlang-jinterface
not-installed"erlang-jinterface-src
not-installed"erlang-observer
not-installed"erlang-observer-src
not-installed"erlang-rabbitmq-client
not-installed"erlang-rebar
not-installed"erlang-rebar-src
not-installed"erlang-reltool
not-installed"erlang-reltool-src
not-installed"erlang-retest
not-installed"erlang-retest-src
not-installed"erlang-sd_notify
not-installed"erlang-src
not-installed"erlang-wx
not-installed"erlang-wx-src
installed"esound-daemon
not-installed"esound-utils
not-installed"espeak
not-installed"espeak-devel
not-installed"espeak-gui
not-installed"espeak-gui-lang
not-installed"espeakedit
not-installed"espresso
not-installed"espresso-common
not-installed"espresso-doc
not-installed"espresso-openmpi
not-installed"etags
not-installed"etc-update
not-installed"etcd
not-installed"etcdctl
not-installed"etckeeper
not-installed"etckeeper-cron
not-installed"etckeeper-zypp-plugin
not-installed"etherape
installed"ethtool
not-installed"etrophy
not-installed"etrophy-data
not-installed"etrophy-devel
not-installed"euca2ools
not-installed"evas-generic-loaders
not-installed"evemu
not-installed"evemu-devel
not-installed"eventstat
installed"eventviews
not-installed"eventviews-devel
installed"eventviews-lang
not-installed"evieproto-devel
not-installed"evince
not-installed"evince
not-installed"evince-browser-plugin
not-installed"evince-devel
not-installed"evince-lang
not-installed"evince-plugin-comicsdocument
not-installed"evince-plugin-djvudocument
not-installed"evince-plugin-dvidocument
not-installed"evince-plugin-pdfdocument
not-installed"evince-plugin-psdocument
not-installed"evince-plugin-tiffdocument
not-installed"evince-plugin-xpsdocument
not-installed"evmctl
not-installed"evolution
not-installed"evolution
not-installed"evolution-data-server
not-installed"evolution-data-server
not-installed"evolution-data-server-32bit
not-installed"evolution-data-server-devel
not-installed"evolution-data-server-doc
not-installed"evolution-data-server-lang
not-installed"evolution-devel
not-installed"evolution-ews
not-installed"evolution-ews-devel
not-installed"evolution-ews-lang
not-installed"evolution-lang
not-installed"evolution-plugin-bogofilter
not-installed"evolution-plugin-pst-import
not-installed"evolution-plugin-rss
not-installed"evolution-plugin-rss-lang
not-installed"evolution-plugin-spamassassin
not-installed"evtest
not-installed"exaile
not-installed"exaile-lang
not-installed"execstack
not-installed"exempi
not-installed"exempi-tools
not-installed"exercism
not-installed"exfat-utils
not-installed"exfat-utils
not-installed"exfat-utils-debuginfo
not-installed"exfat-utils-debugsource
not-installed"exif
installed"exiftool
not-installed"exiftran
not-installed"exim
not-installed"exim
not-installed"eximon
not-installed"eximstats-html
installed"exiv2
not-installed"exiv2
installed"exiv2-lang
not-installed"exmh
not-installed"exo-devel
not-installed"exo-lang
not-installed"exo-tools
not-installed"exodusii-devel
installed"expat
not-installed"expat
not-installed"expect
not-installed"expect-devel
not-installed"explain
not-installed"ext3grep
not-installed"ext4magic
not-installed"extra-cmake-modules
not-installed"extract-appdata-icons
not-installed"extractor
not-installed"extractor
not-installed"extractor-debuginfo
not-installed"extractor-debugsource
not-installed"extractor-lang
not-installed"extractor-plugins
not-installed"extractor-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"extreme-tuxracer
not-installed"extundelete
not-installed"ez-ipupdate
not-installed"ezstream
not-installed"ezstream
not-installed"ezstream-debuginfo
not-installed"ezstream-debugsource
not-installed"f2c
not-installed"f2c-32bit
not-installed"f2fs-tools
not-installed"f2fs-tools-compat
not-installed"f2fs-tools-devel
not-installed"f3
not-installed"fIcy
not-installed"fIcy
not-installed"fIcy-debuginfo
not-installed"fIcy-debugsource
not-installed"faac
not-installed"faac
not-installed"faac-debuginfo
not-installed"faac-debugsource
not-installed"faad2
not-installed"faad2
not-installed"faad2-debuginfo
not-installed"faad2-debugsource
not-installed"faba-icon-theme
not-installed"fabtests
not-installed"faenza-icon-theme
not-installed"faenza-icon-theme-ambiance
not-installed"faenza-icon-theme-dark
not-installed"faenza-icon-theme-darker
not-installed"faenza-icon-theme-darkest
not-installed"faenza-icon-theme-mint
not-installed"faenza-icon-theme-radiance
not-installed"fail2ban
not-installed"fakeroot
not-installed"fakeroot-32bit
not-installed"farsi-fonts
not-installed"farstream-0_1
not-installed"farstream-0_1-data
not-installed"farstream-0_1-debugsource
not-installed"farstream-0_1-devel
installed"farstream-data
not-installed"farstream-devel
not-installed"fastjar
not-installed"fastjet-devel
not-installed"fastjet-plugin-siscone
not-installed"fastjet-plugin-siscone-devel
not-installed"fate
not-installed"fate
not-installed"fatrace
not-installed"fatsort
not-installed"fbdesk
not-installed"fbdesk
not-installed"fbdesk-debuginfo
not-installed"fbdesk-debugsource
not-installed"fbi
not-installed"fbiterm
not-installed"fbreader
not-installed"fbterm
not-installed"fcitx
not-installed"fcitx-anthy
not-installed"fcitx-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"fcitx-chewing
not-installed"fcitx-cloudpinyin
not-installed"fcitx-config-gtk3
not-installed"fcitx-devel
not-installed"fcitx-fbterm
not-installed"fcitx-googlepinyin
not-installed"fcitx-gtk2
not-installed"fcitx-gtk2-32bit
not-installed"fcitx-gtk3
not-installed"fcitx-gtk3-32bit
not-installed"fcitx-hangul
not-installed"fcitx-kkc
not-installed"fcitx-libpinyin
not-installed"fcitx-m17n
not-installed"fcitx-mozc
not-installed"fcitx-pinyin
not-installed"fcitx-pinyin-tools
not-installed"fcitx-pylogger
not-installed"fcitx-qt4
not-installed"fcitx-qt4-32bit
not-installed"fcitx-qt5
not-installed"fcitx-qt5-32bit
not-installed"fcitx-qt5-devel
not-installed"fcitx-quwei
not-installed"fcitx-rime
not-installed"fcitx-sayura
not-installed"fcitx-skin-classic
not-installed"fcitx-skin-dark
not-installed"fcitx-skin-new-air
not-installed"fcitx-skk
not-installed"fcitx-sunpinyin
not-installed"fcitx-table
not-installed"fcitx-table-amharic
not-installed"fcitx-table-arabic
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-bingchan
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-cangjie
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-cantonese
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-cns11643
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-dianbao
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-erbi
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-wanfeng
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-wu
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-wubi
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-wubi-large
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-wubi-pinyin
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-zhengma
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-zhengma-large
not-installed"fcitx-table-cn-ziran
not-installed"fcitx-table-emoji
not-installed"fcitx-table-extra-lang
not-installed"fcitx-table-hk-cantonese
not-installed"fcitx-table-hk-jyutping
not-installed"fcitx-table-hk-stroke5
not-installed"fcitx-table-ipa-x-sampa
not-installed"fcitx-table-latex
not-installed"fcitx-table-malayalam-compose
not-installed"fcitx-table-malayalam-phonetic
not-installed"fcitx-table-other
not-installed"fcitx-table-ru-rustrad
not-installed"fcitx-table-ru-translit
not-installed"fcitx-table-ru-yawerty
not-installed"fcitx-table-t9
not-installed"fcitx-table-tamil-remington
not-installed"fcitx-table-thai
not-installed"fcitx-table-tools
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-array30
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-array30-large
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-boshiamy
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-cangjie-large
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-cangjie3
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-cangjie5
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-easy-large
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-quick-classic
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-quick3
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-quick5
not-installed"fcitx-table-tw-smart-cangjie6
not-installed"fcitx-table-ua-translit
not-installed"fcitx-table-vi-qr
not-installed"fcitx-ui-light
not-installed"fcitx-unikey
not-installed"fcitx-zhuyin
not-installed"fcoe-utils
not-installed"fcwnn
not-installed"fcwnn-devel
not-installed"fcwnncom
not-installed"fd0ssh
not-installed"fdk-aac
not-installed"fdk-aac-debugsource
not-installed"fdk-aac-devel
installed"fdupes
not-installed"fedfs-utils-admin
not-installed"fedfs-utils-client
not-installed"fedfs-utils-common
not-installed"fedfs-utils-devel
not-installed"fedfs-utils-nsdbparams
not-installed"fedfs-utils-server
not-installed"feh
not-installed"fence-agents
not-installed"fence-agents-devel
not-installed"festival
not-installed"festival-devel
not-installed"fetchmail
not-installed"fetchmail
not-installed"fetchmailconf
not-installed"fetchmsttfonts
not-installed"fetchmsttfonts
not-installed"ffado
not-installed"ffado-doc
not-installed"ffado-mixer
not-installed"ffcall
not-installed"ffgtk
not-installed"ffgtk
not-installed"ffgtk-debuginfo
not-installed"ffgtk-debugsource
not-installed"ffhevc
not-installed"ffhevc
installed"ffmpeg
not-installed"ffmpeg
not-installed"ffmpeg-2.8
not-installed"ffmpeg-2.8
not-installed"ffmpeg-2.8-debuginfo
not-installed"ffmpeg-2.8-debugsource
not-installed"ffmpeg-3.2
not-installed"ffmpeg-3.2
not-installed"ffmpeg-3.2-debuginfo
not-installed"ffmpeg-3.2-debugsource
not-installed"ffmpeg2
not-installed"ffmpeg2-devel
not-installed"ffmpeg2theora
not-installed"ffmpeg2theora
not-installed"ffmpeg2theora-debuginfo
not-installed"ffmpeg2theora-debugsource
not-installed"ffmpegthumbnailer
not-installed"ffmpegthumbnailer
not-installed"ffmpegthumbnailer-debuginfo
not-installed"ffmpegthumbnailer-debugsource
installed"ffmpegthumbs
not-installed"ffmpegyag
not-installed"ffmpegyag
not-installed"ffmpegyag-debuginfo
not-installed"ffmpegyag-debugsource
not-installed"ffms2
not-installed"ffms2-debugsource
not-installed"ffmsindex
not-installed"ffmsindex-debuginfo
not-installed"ffsb
installed"fftw3-devel
not-installed"fftw3-mpi-devel
not-installed"fftw3-openmp-devel
not-installed"fftw3-threads-devel
not-installed"ffx264
not-installed"ffx264
not-installed"ffxvid
not-installed"ffxvid
not-installed"fhs
not-installed"fifechan-devel
not-installed"fifth-leg-font
not-installed"figlet
installed"file
not-installed"file
not-installed"file-devel
installed"file-magic
not-installed"file-roller
not-installed"file-roller-lang
not-installed"file_server
not-installed"filebench
not-installed"filelight
not-installed"filelight-lang
installed"filesystem
not-installed"filezilla
not-installed"filezilla-lang
not-installed"fillets-ng
not-installed"fillets-ng-data
installed"fillup
not-installed"finch
not-installed"finch-devel
not-installed"findbugs
not-installed"findbugs-bcel
not-installed"findbugs-bcel-javadoc
not-installed"findbugs-javadoc
not-installed"findbugs-tools
installed"findutils
not-installed"findutils-lang
installed"fing
installed"finger
not-installed"finger-server
not-installed"fio
installed"fipscheck
not-installed"fipscheck-devel
not-installed"firebird
not-installed"firebird-32bit
not-installed"firebird-classic
not-installed"firebird-devel
not-installed"firebird-doc
not-installed"firebird-superserver
not-installed"firescope
not-installed"firewall-applet
not-installed"firewall-config
not-installed"firewalld
not-installed"firewalld-lang
not-installed"firmwarekit
not-installed"fish
not-installed"fityk
not-installed"fityk-devel
not-installed"five-or-more
not-installed"five-or-more-lang
installed"fixesproto-devel
not-installed"fkwnn
not-installed"fkwnn-devel
not-installed"flac
not-installed"flac
not-installed"flac-debuginfo
not-installed"flac-debugsource
not-installed"flac-devel
not-installed"flac-devel-32bit
not-installed"flac-doc
not-installed"flacon
not-installed"flacon
not-installed"flacon-debuginfo
not-installed"flacon-debugsource
not-installed"flacon-lang
not-installed"flamerobin
not-installed"flannel
not-installed"flare
not-installed"flare-game
installed"flash-player
not-installed"flash-player
not-installed"flash-player-gnome
not-installed"flash-player-ppapi
not-installed"flashrom
not-installed"flashrom
not-installed"flashrom-debuginfo
not-installed"flashrom-debugsource
not-installed"flatpak
not-installed"flatpak
not-installed"flatpak-builder
not-installed"flatpak-devel
installed"flex
not-installed"flex-32bit
not-installed"flex-old
not-installed"flexdock
not-installed"flickcurl
not-installed"flickcurl-doc
not-installed"flickrnet
not-installed"flickrnet-devel
not-installed"flim-xemacs
not-installed"flint-devel
not-installed"florence
not-installed"florence-lang
not-installed"flowblade
not-installed"flowblade
not-installed"flowblade-lang
not-installed"flowgrind
not-installed"fltk-devel
not-installed"fltk-devel-32bit
not-installed"fltk-devel-static
not-installed"fluid-soundfont-gm
not-installed"fluid-soundfont-gs
not-installed"fluidsynth
not-installed"fluidsynth-devel
not-installed"fluidsynth-dssi
installed"flute
not-installed"flute-javadoc
not-installed"fly
not-installed"fnotifystat
not-installed"focuswriter
not-installed"folder-color-common
not-installed"folder-color-common-lang
not-installed"folks-devel
not-installed"folks-lang
not-installed"folks-tools
not-installed"fondu
not-installed"fonehome
not-installed"fonehome-server
not-installed"font-specimen
not-installed"font-specimen-devel
not-installed"font-util
not-installed"fontawesome-fonts
not-installed"fontawesome-fonts-web
not-installed"fontcacheproto-devel
installed"fontconfig
installed"fontconfig-32bit
installed"fontconfig-devel
not-installed"fontconfig-devel-32bit
not-installed"fontforge
not-installed"fontforge-devel
not-installed"fontforge-doc
not-installed"fontpackages-devel
installed"fonts
not-installed"fonts-KanjiStrokeOrders
installed"fonts-config
not-installed"fontsproto-devel
not-installed"fonttools
not-installed"fonttosfnt
not-installed"fontweak
not-installed"forkbomb
not-installed"forkstat
not-installed"form
not-installed"form-doc
installed"fortune
not-installed"fossil
not-installed"fossil
not-installed"fotowall
not-installed"fotowall
not-installed"fotowall-debuginfo
not-installed"four-in-a-row
not-installed"four-in-a-row-lang
not-installed"fox16-devel
not-installed"fox16-devel-static
not-installed"fox16-doc
not-installed"fox16-example-apps
not-installed"fparser-devel
not-installed"fpc
not-installed"fpc
not-installed"fpc-debuginfo
not-installed"fpc-debugsource
not-installed"fpc-doc
not-installed"fpc-src
not-installed"fping
not-installed"fplll
not-installed"fpm2
not-installed"fpm2
not-installed"fpm2-debuginfo
not-installed"fpm2-debugsource
not-installed"fpm2-lang
not-installed"fprintd
not-installed"fprintd-devel
not-installed"fprintd-lang
not-installed"fprintd-pam
not-installed"fprintd-pam-32bit
not-installed"frame
not-installed"frame-devel
not-installed"frameworkintegration-devel
not-installed"frameworkintegration-devel-32bit
installed"frameworkintegration-plugin
not-installed"frameworkintegration-plugin-32bit
not-installed"free-ttf-fonts
not-installed"freealut-devel
not-installed"freeciv
not-installed"freeciv-gtk3
not-installed"freedoom
not-installed"freedup
not-installed"freeglut-demo
not-installed"freeglut-devel
not-installed"freeglut-devel-32bit
not-installed"freeimage
not-installed"freeimage-devel
not-installed"freeipmi
not-installed"freeipmi-bmc-watchdog
not-installed"freeipmi-devel
not-installed"freeipmi-ipmidetectd
not-installed"freenx-client
not-installed"freepops
not-installed"freepops
not-installed"freepops-debuginfo
not-installed"freepops-debugsource
not-installed"freeradius-client
not-installed"freeradius-client-devel
not-installed"freeradius-client-libs
not-installed"freeradius-server
not-installed"freeradius-server
not-installed"freeradius-server-devel
not-installed"freeradius-server-doc
not-installed"freeradius-server-krb5
not-installed"freeradius-server-ldap
not-installed"freeradius-server-libs
not-installed"freeradius-server-mysql
not-installed"freeradius-server-perl
not-installed"freeradius-server-postgresql
not-installed"freeradius-server-python
not-installed"freeradius-server-sqlite
not-installed"freeradius-server-utils
not-installed"freerdp
not-installed"freerdp
not-installed"freerdp-devel
not-installed"freeseer
not-installed"freeseer
not-installed"freeswitch
not-installed"freeswitch
not-installed"freeswitch-application-abstraction
not-installed"freeswitch-application-abstraction-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-avmd
not-installed"freeswitch-application-avmd-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-blacklist
not-installed"freeswitch-application-blacklist-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-callcenter
not-installed"freeswitch-application-callcenter-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-cidlookup
not-installed"freeswitch-application-cidlookup-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-conference
not-installed"freeswitch-application-conference-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-curl
not-installed"freeswitch-application-curl-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-db
not-installed"freeswitch-application-db-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-directory
not-installed"freeswitch-application-directory-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-distributor
not-installed"freeswitch-application-distributor-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-easyroute
not-installed"freeswitch-application-easyroute-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-enum
not-installed"freeswitch-application-enum-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-esf
not-installed"freeswitch-application-esf-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-esl
not-installed"freeswitch-application-esl-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-expr
not-installed"freeswitch-application-expr-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-fifo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-fifo-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-fsk
not-installed"freeswitch-application-fsk-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-fsv
not-installed"freeswitch-application-fsv-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-hash
not-installed"freeswitch-application-hash-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-httapi
not-installed"freeswitch-application-httapi-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-http-cache
not-installed"freeswitch-application-http-cache-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-lcr
not-installed"freeswitch-application-lcr-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-limit
not-installed"freeswitch-application-limit-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-memcache
not-installed"freeswitch-application-memcache-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-nibblebill
not-installed"freeswitch-application-nibblebill-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-redis
not-installed"freeswitch-application-redis-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-rss
not-installed"freeswitch-application-rss-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-sms
not-installed"freeswitch-application-sms-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-snapshot
not-installed"freeswitch-application-snapshot-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-snom
not-installed"freeswitch-application-snom-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-soundtouch
not-installed"freeswitch-application-soundtouch-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-spy
not-installed"freeswitch-application-spy-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-stress
not-installed"freeswitch-application-stress-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-valet_parking
not-installed"freeswitch-application-valet_parking-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-voicemail
not-installed"freeswitch-application-voicemail-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-application-voicemail-ivr
not-installed"freeswitch-application-voicemail-ivr-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-flite
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-flite-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-pocketsphinx
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-pocketsphinx-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-tts-commandline
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-tts-commandline-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-unimrcp
not-installed"freeswitch-asrtts-unimrcp-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-bv
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-bv-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-celt
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-celt-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-codec2
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-codec2-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-h26x
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-h26x-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-ilbc
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-ilbc-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-isac
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-isac-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-mp4v
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-mp4v-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-opus
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-opus-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-amr
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-amr-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-amrwb
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-amrwb-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-g723_1
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-g723_1-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-g729
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-passthru-g729-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-silk
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-silk-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-siren
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-siren-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-speex
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-speex-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-theora
not-installed"freeswitch-codec-theora-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-config-vanilla
not-installed"freeswitch-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-debugsource
not-installed"freeswitch-devel
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-dingaling
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-dingaling-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-gsmopen
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-gsmopen-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-portaudio
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-portaudio-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-rtmp
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-rtmp-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-skinny
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-skinny-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-skypopen
not-installed"freeswitch-endpoint-skypopen-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-event-cdr-mongodb
not-installed"freeswitch-event-cdr-mongodb-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-event-cdr-pg-csv
not-installed"freeswitch-event-cdr-pg-csv-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-event-cdr-sqlite
not-installed"freeswitch-event-cdr-sqlite-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-event-erlang-event
not-installed"freeswitch-event-erlang-event-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-event-json-cdr
not-installed"freeswitch-event-json-cdr-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-event-multicast
not-installed"freeswitch-event-multicast-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-event-snmp
not-installed"freeswitch-event-snmp-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-format-local-stream
not-installed"freeswitch-format-local-stream-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-format-mod-shout
not-installed"freeswitch-format-mod-shout-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-format-native-file
not-installed"freeswitch-format-native-file-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-format-portaudio-stream
not-installed"freeswitch-format-portaudio-stream-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-format-shell-stream
not-installed"freeswitch-format-shell-stream-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-format-tone-stream
not-installed"freeswitch-format-tone-stream-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-freetdm
not-installed"freeswitch-freetdm-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-de
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-de-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-en
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-en-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-es
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-es-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-fr
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-fr-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-he
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-he-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-pt
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-pt-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-ru
not-installed"freeswitch-lang-ru-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-lua
not-installed"freeswitch-lua-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-perl
not-installed"freeswitch-perl-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-python
not-installed"freeswitch-python-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-spidermonkey
not-installed"freeswitch-spidermonkey-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-timer-posix
not-installed"freeswitch-timer-posix-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-xml-cdr
not-installed"freeswitch-xml-cdr-debuginfo
not-installed"freeswitch-xml-curl
not-installed"freeswitch-xml-curl-debuginfo
not-installed"freetds-devel
not-installed"freetds-doc
not-installed"freetds-tools
not-installed"freetuxtv
not-installed"freetuxtv
not-installed"freetuxtv-debuginfo
not-installed"freetuxtv-debugsource
not-installed"freetuxtv-devel
not-installed"freetuxtv-lang
not-installed"freetype
not-installed"freetype-devel
not-installed"freetype-tools
not-installed"freetype2
installed"freetype2-devel
not-installed"freetype2-devel-32bit
not-installed"freexl
not-installed"freexl-devel
not-installed"frei0r-plugins
not-installed"frei0r-plugins
not-installed"frei0r-plugins-devel
not-installed"frei0r-plugins-opencv
not-installed"freqtweak
not-installed"frescobaldi
not-installed"freshplayerplugin
not-installed"freshplayerplugin
not-installed"freshplayerplugin-debuginfo
not-installed"freshplayerplugin-debugsource
installed"fribidi
not-installed"fribidi-32bit
not-installed"fribidi-devel
not-installed"frink
not-installed"fritzing
not-installed"fritzing-parts
not-installed"frogr
not-installed"frogr-lang
not-installed"froxlor
not-installed"frozen-bubble
not-installed"frozen-bubble-lang
not-installed"frozen-bubble-server
not-installed"fruit21
not-installed"fruit21
not-installed"fruit21-debuginfo
not-installed"fs-check
not-installed"fs_mark
not-installed"fsarchiver
not-installed"fsharp
not-installed"fslsfonts
not-installed"fstobdf
not-installed"fstrm
not-installed"fstrm-devel
not-installed"fsvs
not-installed"fswebcam
installed"ft2demos
not-installed"ft2demos
not-installed"ftgl-demo
not-installed"ftgl-devel
not-installed"ftop
not-installed"ftp
not-installed"ftsteutates
not-installed"ftsteutates-kmp-default
not-installed"ftsteutates-sensors
not-installed"ftwnn
not-installed"funkload
not-installed"funny-manpages
not-installed"funny-manpages
installed"fuse
not-installed"fuse-devel
not-installed"fuse-devel-static
not-installed"fuse-exfat
not-installed"fuse-exfat
not-installed"fuse-exfat-debuginfo
not-installed"fuse-exfat-debugsource
not-installed"fusecompress
not-installed"fuseiso
not-installed"fusepod
not-installed"fusesmb
not-installed"fusion-icon
not-installed"fvwm-themes
not-installed"fvwm2
not-installed"fwbuilder
not-installed"fwnn
not-installed"fwnn-devel
not-installed"fwnncom
not-installed"fwts
not-installed"fwts
not-installed"fwupdate
not-installed"fwupdate-devel
not-installed"fwupdate-efi
not-installed"fwzs
not-installed"fxload
not-installed"g3utils
not-installed"gCue2tracks
not-installed"gCue2tracks
not-installed"gFTP
not-installed"gLabels
not-installed"gThumb
not-installed"gaa
not-installed"gajim
not-installed"gajim-lang
not-installed"galaxis
not-installed"galculator
not-installed"galculator-lang
not-installed"gama
not-installed"gambas3
not-installed"gambas3
not-installed"gambas3-debugsource
not-installed"gambas3-devel
not-installed"gambas3-devel-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-args
not-installed"gambas3-gb-cairo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-cairo-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-chart
not-installed"gambas3-gb-clipper
not-installed"gambas3-gb-clipper-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-complex
not-installed"gambas3-gb-complex-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-compress
not-installed"gambas3-gb-compress-bzlib2
not-installed"gambas3-gb-compress-bzlib2-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-compress-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-compress-zlib
not-installed"gambas3-gb-compress-zlib-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-crypt
not-installed"gambas3-gb-crypt-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-data
not-installed"gambas3-gb-data-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-form
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-mysql
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-mysql-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-odbc
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-odbc-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-postgresql
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-postgresql-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-sqlite2
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-sqlite2-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-sqlite3
not-installed"gambas3-gb-db-sqlite3-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-dbus
not-installed"gambas3-gb-dbus-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-desktop
not-installed"gambas3-gb-desktop-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-eval-highlight
not-installed"gambas3-gb-form
not-installed"gambas3-gb-form-dialog
not-installed"gambas3-gb-form-editor
not-installed"gambas3-gb-form-mdi
not-installed"gambas3-gb-form-stock
not-installed"gambas3-gb-form-terminal
not-installed"gambas3-gb-geom
not-installed"gambas3-gb-geom-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gmp
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gmp-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gsl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gsl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gtk
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gtk-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gtk-opengl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gtk-opengl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gtk3
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gtk3-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gui
not-installed"gambas3-gb-gui-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-httpd
not-installed"gambas3-gb-httpd-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image-effect
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image-effect-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image-imlib
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image-imlib-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image-io
not-installed"gambas3-gb-image-io-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-inotify
not-installed"gambas3-gb-inotify-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-libxml
not-installed"gambas3-gb-libxml-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-logging
not-installed"gambas3-gb-maps
not-installed"gambas3-gb-markdown
not-installed"gambas3-gb-media
not-installed"gambas3-gb-media-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-memcached
not-installed"gambas3-gb-mime
not-installed"gambas3-gb-mime-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-mysql
not-installed"gambas3-gb-ncurses
not-installed"gambas3-gb-ncurses-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-net
not-installed"gambas3-gb-net-curl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-net-curl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-net-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-net-pop3
not-installed"gambas3-gb-net-smtp
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl-glsl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl-glsl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl-glu
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl-glu-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl-sge
not-installed"gambas3-gb-opengl-sge-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-openssl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-openssl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-option
not-installed"gambas3-gb-option-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-pcre
not-installed"gambas3-gb-pcre-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-pdf
not-installed"gambas3-gb-pdf-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4-ext
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4-ext-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4-opengl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4-opengl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4-webkit
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt4-webkit-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5-ext
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5-ext-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5-opengl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5-opengl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5-webkit
not-installed"gambas3-gb-qt5-webkit-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-report
not-installed"gambas3-gb-report2
not-installed"gambas3-gb-scanner
not-installed"gambas3-gb-sdl
not-installed"gambas3-gb-sdl-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-sdl-sound
not-installed"gambas3-gb-sdl-sound-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-settings
not-installed"gambas3-gb-signal
not-installed"gambas3-gb-signal-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-util
not-installed"gambas3-gb-util-web
not-installed"gambas3-gb-v4l
not-installed"gambas3-gb-v4l-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-vb
not-installed"gambas3-gb-vb-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-web
not-installed"gambas3-gb-web-form
not-installed"gambas3-gb-xml
not-installed"gambas3-gb-xml-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-xml-rpc
not-installed"gambas3-gb-xml-rpc-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-gb-xml-xslt
not-installed"gambas3-gb-xml-xslt-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-ide
not-installed"gambas3-runtime
not-installed"gambas3-runtime-debuginfo
not-installed"gambas3-script
installed"games
not-installed"gamin-devel
installed"gamin-server
not-installed"gammu
not-installed"gammu-devel
not-installed"gammu-doc
not-installed"gammu-smsd
not-installed"garglk
not-installed"garglk
not-installed"garglk-debuginfo
not-installed"garglk-debugsource
not-installed"garlic
not-installed"garlic-doc
not-installed"gasnet
not-installed"gasnet-devel
not-installed"gasnet-doc
not-installed"gateway_server
not-installed"gaupol
not-installed"gavl
installed"gawk
not-installed"gbdfed
not-installed"gbrainy
not-installed"gbrainy
not-installed"gbrainy-lang
not-installed"gc-devel
not-installed"gcab
not-installed"gcab-devel
not-installed"gcab-lang
not-installed"gcal
not-installed"gcal-lang
installed"gcc
not-installed"gcc-32bit
not-installed"gcc-ada
installed"gcc-c++
not-installed"gcc-c++-32bit
not-installed"gcc-fortran
not-installed"gcc-fortran-32bit
not-installed"gcc-gij
not-installed"gcc-gij-32bit
installed"gcc-info
not-installed"gcc-java
not-installed"gcc-locale
not-installed"gcc-obj-c++
not-installed"gcc-objc
not-installed"gcc-objc-32bit
installed"gcc48
not-installed"gcc48
not-installed"gcc48-32bit
not-installed"gcc48-ada
not-installed"gcc48-ada-32bit
installed"gcc48-c++
not-installed"gcc48-fortran
not-installed"gcc48-fortran-32bit
not-installed"gcc48-gij
not-installed"gcc48-gij-32bit
installed"gcc48-info
not-installed"gcc48-java
not-installed"gcc48-locale
not-installed"gcc48-obj-c++
not-installed"gcc48-objc
not-installed"gcc48-objc-32bit
not-installed"gcc48-testresults
not-installed"gcc48-testresults
not-installed"gcc5
not-installed"gcc5-32bit
not-installed"gcc5-ada
not-installed"gcc5-ada-32bit
not-installed"gcc5-c++
not-installed"gcc5-c++-32bit
not-installed"gcc5-fortran
not-installed"gcc5-fortran-32bit
not-installed"gcc5-go
not-installed"gcc5-go-32bit
not-installed"gcc5-info
not-installed"gcc5-locale
not-installed"gcc5-testresults
not-installed"gcc6
not-installed"gcc6-32bit
not-installed"gcc6-ada
not-installed"gcc6-ada-32bit
not-installed"gcc6-c++
not-installed"gcc6-c++-32bit
not-installed"gcc6-fortran
not-installed"gcc6-fortran-32bit
not-installed"gcc6-go
not-installed"gcc6-go-32bit
not-installed"gcc6-info
not-installed"gcc6-locale
not-installed"gcc6-testresults
not-installed"gcc7
not-installed"gcc7
not-installed"gcc7-32bit
not-installed"gcc7-ada
not-installed"gcc7-ada-32bit
not-installed"gcc7-c++
not-installed"gcc7-c++-32bit
not-installed"gcc7-fortran
not-installed"gcc7-fortran-32bit
not-installed"gcc7-go
not-installed"gcc7-go-32bit
not-installed"gcc7-info
not-installed"gcc7-locale
not-installed"gcc7-obj-c++
not-installed"gcc7-obj-c++-32bit
not-installed"gcc7-objc
not-installed"gcc7-objc-32bit
not-installed"gcc7-testresults
not-installed"gcc7-testresults
not-installed"gccmakedep
not-installed"gcdemu
not-installed"gcdemu-lang
not-installed"gcimagebundle
not-installed"gcimagebundle-test
not-installed"gcin
not-installed"gcin-anthy
not-installed"gcin-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gcin-branding-upstream
not-installed"gcin-gtk2
not-installed"gcin-gtk2-32bit
not-installed"gcin-gtk3
not-installed"gcin-gtk3-32bit
not-installed"gcin-qt4
not-installed"gcin-qt4-32bit
not-installed"gcin-qt5
not-installed"gcin-qt5-32bit
not-installed"gcolor2
not-installed"gcompris
not-installed"gcompris-devel
not-installed"gcompris-qt
not-installed"gcompris-qt-activities
not-installed"gcompris-qt-lang
not-installed"gcompris-qt-voices
not-installed"gcompris-voices-ar
not-installed"gcompris-voices-br
not-installed"gcompris-voices-cs
not-installed"gcompris-voices-da
not-installed"gcompris-voices-de
not-installed"gcompris-voices-el
not-installed"gcompris-voices-en
not-installed"gcompris-voices-es
not-installed"gcompris-voices-eu
not-installed"gcompris-voices-fi
not-installed"gcompris-voices-fr
not-installed"gcompris-voices-hi
not-installed"gcompris-voices-hu
not-installed"gcompris-voices-id
not-installed"gcompris-voices-it
not-installed"gcompris-voices-mr
not-installed"gcompris-voices-nb
not-installed"gcompris-voices-nl
not-installed"gcompris-voices-pt
not-installed"gcompris-voices-pt-br
not-installed"gcompris-voices-ru
not-installed"gcompris-voices-so
not-installed"gcompris-voices-sr
not-installed"gcompris-voices-sv
not-installed"gcompris-voices-tr
not-installed"gconf-editor
not-installed"gconf-editor-lang
installed"gconf-polkit
not-installed"gconf-sharp-peditors2
not-installed"gconf-sharp2
installed"gconf2
not-installed"gconf2-32bit
installed"gconf2-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gconf2-devel
installed"gconf2-lang
not-installed"gconfmm-devel
installed"gcr-data
installed"gcr-lang
installed"gcr-prompter
installed"gcr-viewer
not-installed"gcstar
installed"gd
not-installed"gd
installed"gd-32bit
not-installed"gd-devel
not-installed"gdal
not-installed"gdal-devel
not-installed"gdata-sharp
not-installed"gdata-sharp-devel
installed"gdb
not-installed"gdb
not-installed"gdb-testresults
installed"gdbm-devel
not-installed"gdbm-devel-32bit
not-installed"gdbserver
not-installed"gdk-pixbuf
installed"gdk-pixbuf-devel
not-installed"gdk-pixbuf-devel-32bit
installed"gdk-pixbuf-lang
installed"gdk-pixbuf-loader-libopenraw
not-installed"gdk-pixbuf-loader-libopenraw-32bit
installed"gdk-pixbuf-loader-rsvg
not-installed"gdk-pixbuf-loader-rsvg-32bit
installed"gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders
installed"gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-32bit
not-installed"gdl-devel
not-installed"gdl-lang
not-installed"gdlmm-devel
not-installed"gdm
not-installed"gdm-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gdm-branding-upstream
not-installed"gdm-devel
not-installed"gdm-lang
not-installed"gdmflexiserver
not-installed"gdouros-aegean-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-aegyptus-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-akkadian-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-alfios-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-analecta-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-anatolian-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-atavyros-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-maya-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-musica-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-symbola-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-text-fonts
not-installed"gdouros-unidings-fonts
not-installed"geany
not-installed"geany-devel
not-installed"geany-doc
not-installed"geany-lang
not-installed"geany-plugins
not-installed"geany-plugins-lang
not-installed"geary
not-installed"geary-lang
not-installed"geda-doc
not-installed"geda-examples
not-installed"geda-gaf
not-installed"geda-gattrib
not-installed"geda-gnetlist
not-installed"geda-gschem
not-installed"geda-gsymcheck
not-installed"geda-symbols
not-installed"geda-utils
not-installed"geda-xgsch2pcb
not-installed"gedit
not-installed"gedit-devel
not-installed"gedit-lang
not-installed"gedit-latex-lang
not-installed"gedit-plugin-bookmarks
not-installed"gedit-plugin-bracketcompletion
not-installed"gedit-plugin-charmap
not-installed"gedit-plugin-code-assistance
not-installed"gedit-plugin-codecomment
not-installed"gedit-plugin-colorpicker
not-installed"gedit-plugin-colorschemer
not-installed"gedit-plugin-commander
not-installed"gedit-plugin-dashboard
not-installed"gedit-plugin-devhelp
not-installed"gedit-plugin-drawspaces
not-installed"gedit-plugin-git
not-installed"gedit-plugin-joinlines
not-installed"gedit-plugin-latex
not-installed"gedit-plugin-multiedit
not-installed"gedit-plugin-smartspaces
not-installed"gedit-plugin-synctex
not-installed"gedit-plugin-terminal
not-installed"gedit-plugin-textsize
not-installed"gedit-plugin-wordcompletion
not-installed"gedit-plugin-zeitgeist
not-installed"gedit-plugins
not-installed"gedit-plugins-data
not-installed"gedit-plugins-lang
not-installed"geeqie
not-installed"geeqie-lang
not-installed"gegl
installed"gegl-0_2
installed"gegl-0_2-lang
not-installed"gegl-0_3
not-installed"gegl-0_3-lang
not-installed"gegl-devel
not-installed"gegl-doc
not-installed"gegl-unstable
not-installed"gegl-unstable-devel
not-installed"gegl-unstable-doc
not-installed"geis-devel
not-installed"geis-tools
not-installed"gemrb
not-installed"generic_server
not-installed"gengetopt
installed"genisoimage
not-installed"genius
not-installed"genius-devel
not-installed"genius-lang
not-installed"genromfs
not-installed"gentoo
not-installed"gentoo
not-installed"gentoo-debuginfo
not-installed"gentoo-debugsource
not-installed"geoclue
not-installed"geoclue-example
not-installed"geoclue-gsmloc
not-installed"geoclue-recommended
installed"geoclue2
not-installed"geoclue2-devel
not-installed"geocode-glib
not-installed"geocode-glib-devel
not-installed"geoipupdate
not-installed"geos
not-installed"geos-devel
not-installed"geos-doc
not-installed"geotiff
not-installed"geotiff-devel
not-installed"gerbv
not-installed"gerbv-devel
not-installed"geronimo-annotation-1_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-commonj-1_1-apis
not-installed"geronimo-corba-1_0-apis
not-installed"geronimo-corba-2_3-apis
not-installed"geronimo-ejb-2_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-ejb-3_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-el-1_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-interceptor-3_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-j2ee-1_4-apis
not-installed"geronimo-j2ee-connector-1_5-api
not-installed"geronimo-j2ee-deployment-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-j2ee-management-1_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-j2ee-management-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-jacc-1_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-jacc-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-jaf-1_0_2-api
not-installed"geronimo-jaf-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-javaee-deployment-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-javamail-1_3_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-javamail-1_4-api
not-installed"geronimo-jaxr-1_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-jaxrpc-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-jms-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-jpa-3_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-jsp-2_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-jsp-2_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-jta-1_0_1B-api
not-installed"geronimo-jta-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-qname-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-saaj-1_1-api
not-installed"geronimo-servlet-2_4-api
not-installed"geronimo-servlet-2_5-api
not-installed"geronimo-specs
not-installed"geronimo-specs-javadoc
not-installed"geronimo-specs-poms
not-installed"geronimo-stax-1_0-api
not-installed"geronimo-ws-metadata-2_0-api
not-installed"get-flash-videos
not-installed"get_iplayer
not-installed"get_iplayer
not-installed"get_iplayer-pvr
not-installed"getdata
not-installed"getdata-devel
not-installed"getdata-doc
not-installed"getdp
not-installed"getdp-devel
not-installed"getdp-doc
not-installed"getmail
not-installed"getmail-doc
not-installed"gettext-csharp
not-installed"gettext-java
installed"gettext-runtime
not-installed"gettext-runtime-32bit
not-installed"gettext-runtime-mini
not-installed"gettext-runtime-mini-tools-doc
not-installed"gettext-runtime-tools-doc
installed"gettext-tools
not-installed"gettext-tools-32bit
not-installed"gettext-tools-mini
not-installed"gexif
not-installed"gexif-lang
not-installed"gf2x-devel
not-installed"gfan
not-installed"gfbgraph-devel
not-installed"gfio
not-installed"gfs2-utils
not-installed"gftp
not-installed"gftp-common
not-installed"gftp-common-lang
not-installed"gftp-text
installed"gfxboot
not-installed"gfxboot-branding-KDE
installed"gfxboot-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gfxboot-branding-upstream
not-installed"gfxboot-devel
not-installed"ggz-client-libs
not-installed"ggz-client-libs-devel
not-installed"ggz-client-libs-lang
not-installed"ghc
not-installed"ghc-AC-Vector
not-installed"ghc-AC-Vector-devel
not-installed"ghc-BNFC
not-installed"ghc-BNFC-devel
not-installed"ghc-Boolean
not-installed"ghc-Boolean-devel
not-installed"ghc-BoundedChan
not-installed"ghc-BoundedChan-devel
not-installed"ghc-Cabal
not-installed"ghc-Cabal-devel
not-installed"ghc-ChannelT
not-installed"ghc-ChannelT-devel
not-installed"ghc-ChasingBottoms
not-installed"ghc-ChasingBottoms-devel
not-installed"ghc-ConfigFile
not-installed"ghc-ConfigFile-devel
not-installed"ghc-DAV
not-installed"ghc-DAV-devel
not-installed"ghc-Decimal
not-installed"ghc-Decimal-devel
not-installed"ghc-Diff
not-installed"ghc-Diff-devel
not-installed"ghc-FenwickTree
not-installed"ghc-FenwickTree-devel
not-installed"ghc-FindBin
not-installed"ghc-FindBin-devel
not-installed"ghc-FontyFruity
not-installed"ghc-FontyFruity-devel
not-installed"ghc-GLURaw
not-installed"ghc-GLURaw-devel
not-installed"ghc-GLUT
not-installed"ghc-GLUT-devel
not-installed"ghc-GenericPretty
not-installed"ghc-GenericPretty-devel
not-installed"ghc-Glob
not-installed"ghc-Glob-devel
not-installed"ghc-GraphSCC
not-installed"ghc-GraphSCC-devel
not-installed"ghc-HCodecs
not-installed"ghc-HCodecs-devel
not-installed"ghc-HPDF
not-installed"ghc-HPDF-devel
not-installed"ghc-HSet
not-installed"ghc-HSet-devel
not-installed"ghc-HStringTemplate
not-installed"ghc-HStringTemplate-devel
not-installed"ghc-HTTP
not-installed"ghc-HTTP-devel
not-installed"ghc-HUnit
not-installed"ghc-HUnit-devel
not-installed"ghc-HsOpenSSL
not-installed"ghc-HsOpenSSL-devel
not-installed"ghc-IPv6Addr
not-installed"ghc-IPv6Addr-devel
not-installed"ghc-IfElse
not-installed"ghc-IfElse-devel
not-installed"ghc-IntervalMap
not-installed"ghc-IntervalMap-devel
not-installed"ghc-JuicyPixels
not-installed"ghc-JuicyPixels-devel
not-installed"ghc-List
not-installed"ghc-List-devel
not-installed"ghc-MemoTrie
not-installed"ghc-MemoTrie-devel
not-installed"ghc-MissingH
not-installed"ghc-MissingH-devel
not-installed"ghc-MonadPrompt
not-installed"ghc-MonadPrompt-devel
not-installed"ghc-MonadRandom
not-installed"ghc-MonadRandom-devel
not-installed"ghc-NineP
not-installed"ghc-NineP-devel
not-installed"ghc-NoTrace
not-installed"ghc-NoTrace-devel
not-installed"ghc-NumInstances
not-installed"ghc-NumInstances-devel
not-installed"ghc-ObjectName
not-installed"ghc-ObjectName-devel
not-installed"ghc-Octree
not-installed"ghc-Octree-devel
not-installed"ghc-OneTuple
not-installed"ghc-OneTuple-devel
not-installed"ghc-OpenGL
not-installed"ghc-OpenGL-devel
not-installed"ghc-OpenGLRaw
not-installed"ghc-OpenGLRaw-devel
not-installed"ghc-PSQueue
not-installed"ghc-PSQueue-devel
not-installed"ghc-QuickCheck
not-installed"ghc-QuickCheck-devel
not-installed"ghc-RSA
not-installed"ghc-RSA-devel
not-installed"ghc-Rasterific
not-installed"ghc-Rasterific-devel
not-installed"ghc-ReadArgs
not-installed"ghc-ReadArgs-devel
not-installed"ghc-RefSerialize
not-installed"ghc-RefSerialize-devel
not-installed"ghc-SDL
not-installed"ghc-SDL-devel
not-installed"ghc-SHA
not-installed"ghc-SHA-devel
not-installed"ghc-STMonadTrans
not-installed"ghc-STMonadTrans-devel
not-installed"ghc-SafeSemaphore
not-installed"ghc-SafeSemaphore-devel
not-installed"ghc-SegmentTree
not-installed"ghc-SegmentTree-devel
not-installed"ghc-ShellCheck
not-installed"ghc-ShellCheck-devel
not-installed"ghc-Spintax
not-installed"ghc-Spintax-devel
not-installed"ghc-Spock
not-installed"ghc-Spock-core
not-installed"ghc-Spock-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-Spock-devel
not-installed"ghc-Spock-worker
not-installed"ghc-Spock-worker-devel
not-installed"ghc-StateVar
not-installed"ghc-StateVar-devel
not-installed"ghc-Strafunski-StrategyLib
not-installed"ghc-Strafunski-StrategyLib-devel
not-installed"ghc-TCache
not-installed"ghc-TCache-devel
not-installed"ghc-X11
not-installed"ghc-X11-devel
not-installed"ghc-X11-xft
not-installed"ghc-X11-xft-devel
not-installed"ghc-Xauth
not-installed"ghc-Xauth-devel
not-installed"ghc-Yampa
not-installed"ghc-Yampa-devel
not-installed"ghc-abstract-deque
not-installed"ghc-abstract-deque-devel
not-installed"ghc-abstract-par
not-installed"ghc-abstract-par-devel
not-installed"ghc-accelerate
not-installed"ghc-accelerate-devel
not-installed"ghc-ace
not-installed"ghc-ace-devel
not-installed"ghc-action-permutations
not-installed"ghc-action-permutations-devel
not-installed"ghc-adjunctions
not-installed"ghc-adjunctions-devel
not-installed"ghc-aeson
not-installed"ghc-aeson-better-errors
not-installed"ghc-aeson-better-errors-devel
not-installed"ghc-aeson-casing
not-installed"ghc-aeson-casing-devel
not-installed"ghc-aeson-compat
not-installed"ghc-aeson-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-aeson-devel
not-installed"ghc-aeson-extra
not-installed"ghc-aeson-extra-devel
not-installed"ghc-aeson-pretty
not-installed"ghc-aeson-pretty-devel
not-installed"ghc-aeson-utils
not-installed"ghc-aeson-utils-devel
not-installed"ghc-alarmclock
not-installed"ghc-alarmclock-devel
not-installed"ghc-amazonka-core
not-installed"ghc-amazonka-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-annotated-wl-pprint
not-installed"ghc-annotated-wl-pprint-devel
not-installed"ghc-anonymous-sums
not-installed"ghc-anonymous-sums-devel
not-installed"ghc-ansi-terminal
not-installed"ghc-ansi-terminal-devel
not-installed"ghc-ansi-wl-pprint
not-installed"ghc-ansi-wl-pprint-devel
not-installed"ghc-api-field-json-th
not-installed"ghc-api-field-json-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-app-settings
not-installed"ghc-app-settings-devel
not-installed"ghc-appar
not-installed"ghc-appar-devel
not-installed"ghc-array
not-installed"ghc-array-devel
not-installed"ghc-arrow-list
not-installed"ghc-arrow-list-devel
not-installed"ghc-ascii-progress
not-installed"ghc-ascii-progress-devel
not-installed"ghc-asn1-encoding
not-installed"ghc-asn1-encoding-devel
not-installed"ghc-asn1-parse
not-installed"ghc-asn1-parse-devel
not-installed"ghc-asn1-types
not-installed"ghc-asn1-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-async
not-installed"ghc-async-devel
not-installed"ghc-atomic-primops
not-installed"ghc-atomic-primops-devel
not-installed"ghc-atomic-write
not-installed"ghc-atomic-write-devel
not-installed"ghc-attoparsec
not-installed"ghc-attoparsec-devel
not-installed"ghc-attoparsec-expr
not-installed"ghc-attoparsec-expr-devel
not-installed"ghc-authenticate
not-installed"ghc-authenticate-devel
not-installed"ghc-authenticate-oauth
not-installed"ghc-authenticate-oauth-devel
not-installed"ghc-auto
not-installed"ghc-auto-devel
not-installed"ghc-auto-update
not-installed"ghc-auto-update-devel
not-installed"ghc-aws
not-installed"ghc-aws-devel
not-installed"ghc-bank-holidays-england
not-installed"ghc-bank-holidays-england-devel
not-installed"ghc-base
not-installed"ghc-base-compat
not-installed"ghc-base-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-base-devel
not-installed"ghc-base-orphans
not-installed"ghc-base-orphans-devel
not-installed"ghc-base-prelude
not-installed"ghc-base-prelude-devel
not-installed"ghc-base-unicode-symbols
not-installed"ghc-base-unicode-symbols-devel
not-installed"ghc-base16-bytestring
not-installed"ghc-base16-bytestring-devel
not-installed"ghc-base64-bytestring
not-installed"ghc-base64-bytestring-devel
not-installed"ghc-benchpress
not-installed"ghc-benchpress-devel
not-installed"ghc-bencode
not-installed"ghc-bencode-devel
not-installed"ghc-bento
not-installed"ghc-bento-devel
not-installed"ghc-bifunctors
not-installed"ghc-bifunctors-devel
not-installed"ghc-bimap
not-installed"ghc-bimap-devel
not-installed"ghc-binary
not-installed"ghc-binary-bits
not-installed"ghc-binary-bits-devel
not-installed"ghc-binary-conduit
not-installed"ghc-binary-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-binary-devel
not-installed"ghc-binary-orphans
not-installed"ghc-binary-orphans-devel
not-installed"ghc-binary-search
not-installed"ghc-binary-search-devel
not-installed"ghc-binary-tagged
not-installed"ghc-binary-tagged-devel
not-installed"ghc-bindings-DSL
not-installed"ghc-bindings-DSL-devel
not-installed"ghc-biocore
not-installed"ghc-biocore-devel
not-installed"ghc-bitarray
not-installed"ghc-bitarray-devel
not-installed"ghc-bitcoin-script
not-installed"ghc-bitcoin-script-devel
not-installed"ghc-blaze-bootstrap
not-installed"ghc-blaze-bootstrap-devel
not-installed"ghc-blaze-builder
not-installed"ghc-blaze-builder-devel
not-installed"ghc-blaze-html
not-installed"ghc-blaze-html-devel
not-installed"ghc-blaze-markup
not-installed"ghc-blaze-markup-devel
not-installed"ghc-blaze-svg
not-installed"ghc-blaze-svg-devel
not-installed"ghc-blaze-textual
not-installed"ghc-blaze-textual-devel
not-installed"ghc-bloodhound
not-installed"ghc-bloodhound-devel
not-installed"ghc-bloomfilter
not-installed"ghc-bloomfilter-devel
not-installed"ghc-bmp
not-installed"ghc-bmp-devel
not-installed"ghc-boomerang
not-installed"ghc-boomerang-devel
not-installed"ghc-bootstrap
not-installed"ghc-boxes
not-installed"ghc-boxes-devel
not-installed"ghc-broadcast-chan
not-installed"ghc-broadcast-chan-devel
not-installed"ghc-btrfs
not-installed"ghc-btrfs-devel
not-installed"ghc-byteable
not-installed"ghc-byteable-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytedump
not-installed"ghc-bytedump-devel
not-installed"ghc-byteorder
not-installed"ghc-byteorder-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytes
not-installed"ghc-bytes-devel
not-installed"ghc-byteset
not-installed"ghc-byteset-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytestring
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-builder
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-builder-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-handle
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-handle-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-lexing
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-lexing-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-tree-builder
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-tree-builder-devel
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-trie
not-installed"ghc-bytestring-trie-devel
not-installed"ghc-bzlib
not-installed"ghc-bzlib-devel
not-installed"ghc-cab
not-installed"ghc-cab-devel
not-installed"ghc-cabal-doctest
not-installed"ghc-cabal-doctest-devel
not-installed"ghc-cabal-file-th
not-installed"ghc-cabal-file-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-cabal-helper
not-installed"ghc-cabal-helper-devel
not-installed"ghc-cacophony
not-installed"ghc-cacophony-devel
not-installed"ghc-cairo
not-installed"ghc-cairo-devel
not-installed"ghc-call-stack
not-installed"ghc-call-stack-devel
not-installed"ghc-cartel
not-installed"ghc-cartel-devel
not-installed"ghc-case-insensitive
not-installed"ghc-case-insensitive-devel
not-installed"ghc-cased
not-installed"ghc-cased-devel
not-installed"ghc-cases
not-installed"ghc-cases-devel
not-installed"ghc-cassava
not-installed"ghc-cassava-devel
not-installed"ghc-cayley-client
not-installed"ghc-cayley-client-devel
not-installed"ghc-cereal
not-installed"ghc-cereal-conduit
not-installed"ghc-cereal-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-cereal-devel
not-installed"ghc-cereal-text
not-installed"ghc-cereal-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-cereal-vector
not-installed"ghc-cereal-vector-devel
not-installed"ghc-cgi
not-installed"ghc-cgi-devel
not-installed"ghc-charset
not-installed"ghc-charset-devel
not-installed"ghc-charsetdetect-ae
not-installed"ghc-charsetdetect-ae-devel
not-installed"ghc-check-email
not-installed"ghc-check-email-devel
not-installed"ghc-checkers
not-installed"ghc-checkers-devel
not-installed"ghc-chunked-data
not-installed"ghc-chunked-data-devel
not-installed"ghc-cipher-aes
not-installed"ghc-cipher-aes-devel
not-installed"ghc-cipher-aes128
not-installed"ghc-cipher-aes128-devel
not-installed"ghc-cipher-blowfish
not-installed"ghc-cipher-blowfish-devel
not-installed"ghc-cipher-camellia
not-installed"ghc-cipher-camellia-devel
not-installed"ghc-cipher-des
not-installed"ghc-cipher-des-devel
not-installed"ghc-cipher-rc4
not-installed"ghc-cipher-rc4-devel
not-installed"ghc-circle-packing
not-installed"ghc-circle-packing-devel
not-installed"ghc-clay
not-installed"ghc-clay-devel
not-installed"ghc-clientsession
not-installed"ghc-clientsession-devel
not-installed"ghc-clock
not-installed"ghc-clock-devel
not-installed"ghc-cmark
not-installed"ghc-cmark-devel
not-installed"ghc-cmdargs
not-installed"ghc-cmdargs-devel
not-installed"ghc-code-builder
not-installed"ghc-code-builder-devel
not-installed"ghc-code-page
not-installed"ghc-code-page-devel
not-installed"ghc-colour
not-installed"ghc-colour-devel
not-installed"ghc-commutative
not-installed"ghc-commutative-devel
not-installed"ghc-comonad
not-installed"ghc-comonad-devel
not-installed"ghc-compactmap
not-installed"ghc-compactmap-devel
not-installed"ghc-compiler
not-installed"ghc-composition
not-installed"ghc-composition-devel
not-installed"ghc-concatenative
not-installed"ghc-concatenative-devel
not-installed"ghc-concurrent-extra
not-installed"ghc-concurrent-extra-devel
not-installed"ghc-concurrent-output
not-installed"ghc-concurrent-output-devel
not-installed"ghc-concurrent-supply
not-installed"ghc-concurrent-supply-devel
not-installed"ghc-conduit
not-installed"ghc-conduit-combinators
not-installed"ghc-conduit-combinators-devel
not-installed"ghc-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-conduit-extra
not-installed"ghc-conduit-extra-devel
not-installed"ghc-conduit-iconv
not-installed"ghc-conduit-iconv-devel
not-installed"ghc-configuration-tools
not-installed"ghc-configuration-tools-devel
not-installed"ghc-connection
not-installed"ghc-connection-devel
not-installed"ghc-constraints
not-installed"ghc-constraints-devel
not-installed"ghc-consul-haskell
not-installed"ghc-consul-haskell-devel
not-installed"ghc-containers
not-installed"ghc-containers-devel
not-installed"ghc-containers-unicode-symbols
not-installed"ghc-containers-unicode-symbols-devel
not-installed"ghc-continued-fractions
not-installed"ghc-continued-fractions-devel
not-installed"ghc-contravariant
not-installed"ghc-contravariant-devel
not-installed"ghc-control-bool
not-installed"ghc-control-bool-devel
not-installed"ghc-control-monad-free
not-installed"ghc-control-monad-free-devel
not-installed"ghc-control-monad-loop
not-installed"ghc-control-monad-loop-devel
not-installed"ghc-control-monad-omega
not-installed"ghc-control-monad-omega-devel
not-installed"ghc-converge
not-installed"ghc-converge-devel
not-installed"ghc-convertible
not-installed"ghc-convertible-devel
not-installed"ghc-cookie
not-installed"ghc-cookie-devel
not-installed"ghc-cpphs
not-installed"ghc-cpphs-devel
not-installed"ghc-cprng-aes
not-installed"ghc-cprng-aes-devel
not-installed"ghc-cpu
not-installed"ghc-cpu-devel
not-installed"ghc-cron
not-installed"ghc-cron-devel
not-installed"ghc-crypto-api
not-installed"ghc-crypto-api-devel
not-installed"ghc-crypto-cipher-types
not-installed"ghc-crypto-cipher-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-crypto-numbers
not-installed"ghc-crypto-numbers-devel
not-installed"ghc-crypto-pubkey
not-installed"ghc-crypto-pubkey-devel
not-installed"ghc-crypto-pubkey-types
not-installed"ghc-crypto-pubkey-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-crypto-random
not-installed"ghc-crypto-random-api
not-installed"ghc-crypto-random-api-devel
not-installed"ghc-crypto-random-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-conduit
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-cryptoapi
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-cryptoapi-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-md5
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-md5-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-sha1
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-sha1-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-sha256
not-installed"ghc-cryptohash-sha256-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptonite
not-installed"ghc-cryptonite-conduit
not-installed"ghc-cryptonite-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-cryptonite-devel
not-installed"ghc-css-syntax
not-installed"ghc-css-syntax-devel
not-installed"ghc-css-text
not-installed"ghc-css-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-csv
not-installed"ghc-csv-devel
not-installed"ghc-curl
not-installed"ghc-curl-devel
not-installed"ghc-darcs
not-installed"ghc-darcs-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-accessor
not-installed"ghc-data-accessor-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-binary-ieee754
not-installed"ghc-data-binary-ieee754-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-default
not-installed"ghc-data-default-class
not-installed"ghc-data-default-class-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-default-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-base
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-base-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-containers
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-containers-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-dlist
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-dlist-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale
not-installed"ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-hash
not-installed"ghc-data-hash-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-inttrie
not-installed"ghc-data-inttrie-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-lens-light
not-installed"ghc-data-lens-light-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-or
not-installed"ghc-data-or-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-ordlist
not-installed"ghc-data-ordlist-devel
not-installed"ghc-data-reify
not-installed"ghc-data-reify-devel
not-installed"ghc-dataurl
not-installed"ghc-dataurl-devel
not-installed"ghc-dbus
not-installed"ghc-dbus-devel
not-installed"ghc-debian-build
not-installed"ghc-debian-build-devel
not-installed"ghc-deepseq
not-installed"ghc-deepseq-devel
not-installed"ghc-deepseq-generics
not-installed"ghc-deepseq-generics-devel
not-installed"ghc-derive
not-installed"ghc-derive-devel
not-installed"ghc-descriptive
not-installed"ghc-descriptive-devel
not-installed"ghc-diagrams-solve
not-installed"ghc-diagrams-solve-devel
not-installed"ghc-diff3
not-installed"ghc-diff3-devel
not-installed"ghc-digest
not-installed"ghc-digest-devel
not-installed"ghc-digits
not-installed"ghc-digits-devel
not-installed"ghc-directory
not-installed"ghc-directory-devel
not-installed"ghc-disk-free-space
not-installed"ghc-disk-free-space-devel
not-installed"ghc-distributed-closure
not-installed"ghc-distributed-closure-devel
not-installed"ghc-distributive
not-installed"ghc-distributive-devel
not-installed"ghc-djinn-ghc
not-installed"ghc-djinn-ghc-devel
not-installed"ghc-djinn-lib
not-installed"ghc-djinn-lib-devel
not-installed"ghc-dlist
not-installed"ghc-dlist-devel
not-installed"ghc-dlist-instances
not-installed"ghc-dlist-instances-devel
not-installed"ghc-dns
not-installed"ghc-dns-devel
not-installed"ghc-dockerfile
not-installed"ghc-dockerfile-devel
not-installed"ghc-doctemplates
not-installed"ghc-doctemplates-devel
not-installed"ghc-doctest
not-installed"ghc-doctest-devel
not-installed"ghc-dotnet-timespan
not-installed"ghc-dotnet-timespan-devel
not-installed"ghc-dpor
not-installed"ghc-dpor-devel
not-installed"ghc-drawille
not-installed"ghc-drawille-devel
not-installed"ghc-drifter
not-installed"ghc-drifter-devel
not-installed"ghc-dynamic-state
not-installed"ghc-dynamic-state-devel
not-installed"ghc-easy-file
not-installed"ghc-easy-file-devel
not-installed"ghc-ed25519
not-installed"ghc-ed25519-devel
not-installed"ghc-edit-distance
not-installed"ghc-edit-distance-devel
not-installed"ghc-effect-handlers
not-installed"ghc-effect-handlers-devel
not-installed"ghc-either
not-installed"ghc-either-devel
not-installed"ghc-either-unwrap
not-installed"ghc-either-unwrap-devel
not-installed"ghc-ekg-core
not-installed"ghc-ekg-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-elm-bridge
not-installed"ghc-elm-bridge-devel
not-installed"ghc-elm-core-sources
not-installed"ghc-elm-core-sources-devel
not-installed"ghc-email-validate
not-installed"ghc-email-validate-devel
not-installed"ghc-enclosed-exceptions
not-installed"ghc-enclosed-exceptions-devel
not-installed"ghc-entropy
not-installed"ghc-entropy-devel
not-installed"ghc-envelope
not-installed"ghc-envelope-devel
not-installed"ghc-eq
not-installed"ghc-eq-devel
not-installed"ghc-equivalence
not-installed"ghc-equivalence-devel
not-installed"ghc-erf
not-installed"ghc-erf-devel
not-installed"ghc-errors
not-installed"ghc-errors-devel
not-installed"ghc-esqueleto
not-installed"ghc-esqueleto-devel
not-installed"ghc-event
not-installed"ghc-event-devel
not-installed"ghc-exact-combinatorics
not-installed"ghc-exact-combinatorics-devel
not-installed"ghc-exception-transformers
not-installed"ghc-exception-transformers-devel
not-installed"ghc-exceptional
not-installed"ghc-exceptional-devel
not-installed"ghc-exceptions
not-installed"ghc-exceptions-devel
not-installed"ghc-executable-path
not-installed"ghc-executable-path-devel
not-installed"ghc-expiring-cache-map
not-installed"ghc-expiring-cache-map-devel
not-installed"ghc-explicit-exception
not-installed"ghc-explicit-exception-devel
not-installed"ghc-extensible-exceptions
not-installed"ghc-extensible-exceptions-devel
not-installed"ghc-extra
not-installed"ghc-extra-devel
not-installed"ghc-fail
not-installed"ghc-fail-devel
not-installed"ghc-farmhash
not-installed"ghc-farmhash-devel
not-installed"ghc-fast-builder
not-installed"ghc-fast-builder-devel
not-installed"ghc-fast-logger
not-installed"ghc-fast-logger-devel
not-installed"ghc-fclabels
not-installed"ghc-fclabels-devel
not-installed"ghc-fdo-notify
not-installed"ghc-fdo-notify-devel
not-installed"ghc-feature-flags
not-installed"ghc-feature-flags-devel
not-installed"ghc-feed
not-installed"ghc-feed-devel
not-installed"ghc-fgl
not-installed"ghc-fgl-arbitrary
not-installed"ghc-fgl-arbitrary-devel
not-installed"ghc-fgl-devel
not-installed"ghc-file-embed
not-installed"ghc-file-embed-devel
not-installed"ghc-filelock
not-installed"ghc-filelock-devel
not-installed"ghc-filemanip
not-installed"ghc-filemanip-devel
not-installed"ghc-filepath
not-installed"ghc-filepath-devel
not-installed"ghc-fingertree
not-installed"ghc-fingertree-devel
not-installed"ghc-fingertree-psqueue
not-installed"ghc-fingertree-psqueue-devel
not-installed"ghc-fixed
not-installed"ghc-fixed-devel
not-installed"ghc-fixed-vector
not-installed"ghc-fixed-vector-devel
not-installed"ghc-flow
not-installed"ghc-flow-devel
not-installed"ghc-fmlist
not-installed"ghc-fmlist-devel
not-installed"ghc-fn
not-installed"ghc-fn-devel
not-installed"ghc-focus
not-installed"ghc-focus-devel
not-installed"ghc-foldl
not-installed"ghc-foldl-devel
not-installed"ghc-foreign-store
not-installed"ghc-foreign-store-devel
not-installed"ghc-free
not-installed"ghc-free-devel
not-installed"ghc-free-vl
not-installed"ghc-free-vl-devel
not-installed"ghc-frisby
not-installed"ghc-frisby-devel
not-installed"ghc-frontmatter
not-installed"ghc-frontmatter-devel
not-installed"ghc-fsnotify
not-installed"ghc-fsnotify-devel
not-installed"ghc-funcmp
not-installed"ghc-funcmp-devel
not-installed"ghc-gd
not-installed"ghc-gd-devel
not-installed"ghc-generic-aeson
not-installed"ghc-generic-aeson-devel
not-installed"ghc-generic-deriving
not-installed"ghc-generic-deriving-devel
not-installed"ghc-generics-sop
not-installed"ghc-generics-sop-devel
not-installed"ghc-geniplate-mirror
not-installed"ghc-geniplate-mirror-devel
not-installed"ghc-getopt-generics
not-installed"ghc-getopt-generics-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc
not-installed"ghc-ghc-boot
not-installed"ghc-ghc-boot-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc-boot-th
not-installed"ghc-ghc-boot-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc-heap-view
not-installed"ghc-ghc-heap-view-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc-mod
not-installed"ghc-ghc-mod-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc-paths
not-installed"ghc-ghc-paths-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc-syb-utils
not-installed"ghc-ghc-syb-utils-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghc-tcplugins-extra
not-installed"ghc-ghc-tcplugins-extra-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghci
not-installed"ghc-ghci-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghcid
not-installed"ghc-ghcid-devel
not-installed"ghc-ghcjs-codemirror
not-installed"ghc-ghcjs-codemirror-devel
not-installed"ghc-gio
not-installed"ghc-gio-devel
not-installed"ghc-gitlib
not-installed"ghc-gitlib-devel
not-installed"ghc-gitrev
not-installed"ghc-gitrev-devel
not-installed"ghc-glib
not-installed"ghc-glib-devel
not-installed"ghc-gnuidn
not-installed"ghc-gnuidn-devel
not-installed"ghc-gnutls
not-installed"ghc-gnutls-devel
not-installed"ghc-google-cloud
not-installed"ghc-google-cloud-devel
not-installed"ghc-gpolyline
not-installed"ghc-gpolyline-devel
not-installed"ghc-graph-core
not-installed"ghc-graph-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-graph-wrapper
not-installed"ghc-graph-wrapper-devel
not-installed"ghc-graphs
not-installed"ghc-graphs-devel
not-installed"ghc-graphviz
not-installed"ghc-graphviz-devel
not-installed"ghc-gravatar
not-installed"ghc-gravatar-devel
not-installed"ghc-groom
not-installed"ghc-groom-devel
not-installed"ghc-groups
not-installed"ghc-groups-devel
not-installed"ghc-gsasl
not-installed"ghc-gsasl-devel
not-installed"ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools
not-installed"ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools-devel
not-installed"ghc-gtk3
not-installed"ghc-gtk3-devel
not-installed"ghc-hackage-db
not-installed"ghc-hackage-db-devel
not-installed"ghc-hackage-security
not-installed"ghc-hackage-security-devel
not-installed"ghc-haddock-library
not-installed"ghc-haddock-library-devel
not-installed"ghc-half
not-installed"ghc-half-devel
not-installed"ghc-harp
not-installed"ghc-harp-devel
not-installed"ghc-hashable
not-installed"ghc-hashable-devel
not-installed"ghc-hashable-time
not-installed"ghc-hashable-time-devel
not-installed"ghc-hashtables
not-installed"ghc-hashtables-devel
not-installed"ghc-haskeline
not-installed"ghc-haskeline-devel
not-installed"ghc-haskell-gi-base
not-installed"ghc-haskell-gi-base-devel
not-installed"ghc-haskell-neo4j-client
not-installed"ghc-haskell-neo4j-client-devel
not-installed"ghc-haskell-src
not-installed"ghc-haskell-src-devel
not-installed"ghc-haskell-src-exts
not-installed"ghc-haskell-src-exts-devel
not-installed"ghc-haskell-src-exts-simple
not-installed"ghc-haskell-src-exts-simple-devel
not-installed"ghc-hastache
not-installed"ghc-hastache-devel
not-installed"ghc-hbeanstalk
not-installed"ghc-hbeanstalk-devel
not-installed"ghc-heap
not-installed"ghc-heap-devel
not-installed"ghc-heaps
not-installed"ghc-heaps-devel
not-installed"ghc-hebrew-time
not-installed"ghc-hebrew-time-devel
not-installed"ghc-heredoc
not-installed"ghc-heredoc-devel
not-installed"ghc-hex
not-installed"ghc-hex-devel
not-installed"ghc-hexstring
not-installed"ghc-hexstring-devel
not-installed"ghc-hflags
not-installed"ghc-hflags-devel
not-installed"ghc-hformat
not-installed"ghc-hformat-devel
not-installed"ghc-hid
not-installed"ghc-hid-devel
not-installed"ghc-hidapi
not-installed"ghc-hidapi-devel
not-installed"ghc-hierarchical-clustering
not-installed"ghc-hierarchical-clustering-devel
not-installed"ghc-highlighting-kate
not-installed"ghc-highlighting-kate-devel
not-installed"ghc-hinotify
not-installed"ghc-hinotify-devel
not-installed"ghc-histogram-fill
not-installed"ghc-histogram-fill-devel
not-installed"ghc-hit
not-installed"ghc-hit-devel
not-installed"ghc-hjsmin
not-installed"ghc-hjsmin-devel
not-installed"ghc-hlibsass
not-installed"ghc-hlibsass-devel
not-installed"ghc-hlint
not-installed"ghc-hlint-devel
not-installed"ghc-hoauth2
not-installed"ghc-hoauth2-devel
not-installed"ghc-hoopl
not-installed"ghc-hoopl-devel
not-installed"ghc-hopenssl
not-installed"ghc-hopenssl-devel
not-installed"ghc-hostname
not-installed"ghc-hostname-devel
not-installed"ghc-hostname-validate
not-installed"ghc-hostname-validate-devel
not-installed"ghc-hourglass
not-installed"ghc-hourglass-devel
not-installed"ghc-hpack
not-installed"ghc-hpack-devel
not-installed"ghc-hpc
not-installed"ghc-hpc-devel
not-installed"ghc-hs-GeoIP
not-installed"ghc-hs-GeoIP-devel
not-installed"ghc-hscolour
not-installed"ghc-hscolour-devel
not-installed"ghc-hse-cpp
not-installed"ghc-hse-cpp-devel
not-installed"ghc-hsebaysdk
not-installed"ghc-hsebaysdk-devel
not-installed"ghc-hsemail
not-installed"ghc-hsemail-devel
not-installed"ghc-hslogger
not-installed"ghc-hslogger-devel
not-installed"ghc-hslua
not-installed"ghc-hslua-devel
not-installed"ghc-hsndfile
not-installed"ghc-hsndfile-devel
not-installed"ghc-hsp
not-installed"ghc-hsp-devel
not-installed"ghc-hspec
not-installed"ghc-hspec-core
not-installed"ghc-hspec-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-hspec-devel
not-installed"ghc-hspec-discover
not-installed"ghc-hspec-discover-devel
not-installed"ghc-hspec-expectations
not-installed"ghc-hspec-expectations-devel
not-installed"ghc-hspec-smallcheck
not-installed"ghc-hspec-smallcheck-devel
not-installed"ghc-hstatsd
not-installed"ghc-hstatsd-devel
not-installed"ghc-hsyslog
not-installed"ghc-hsyslog-devel
not-installed"ghc-htaglib
not-installed"ghc-htaglib-devel
not-installed"ghc-html
not-installed"ghc-html-conduit
not-installed"ghc-html-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-html-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-api-data
not-installed"ghc-http-api-data-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-client
not-installed"ghc-http-client-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-client-openssl
not-installed"ghc-http-client-openssl-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-client-tls
not-installed"ghc-http-client-tls-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-common
not-installed"ghc-http-common-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-conduit
not-installed"ghc-http-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-date
not-installed"ghc-http-date-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-media
not-installed"ghc-http-media-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-reverse-proxy
not-installed"ghc-http-reverse-proxy-devel
not-installed"ghc-http-types
not-installed"ghc-http-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-http2
not-installed"ghc-http2-devel
not-installed"ghc-httpd-shed
not-installed"ghc-httpd-shed-devel
not-installed"ghc-human-readable-duration
not-installed"ghc-human-readable-duration-devel
not-installed"ghc-hvect
not-installed"ghc-hvect-devel
not-installed"ghc-hweblib
not-installed"ghc-hweblib-devel
not-installed"ghc-hxt
not-installed"ghc-hxt-charproperties
not-installed"ghc-hxt-charproperties-devel
not-installed"ghc-hxt-devel
not-installed"ghc-hxt-regex-xmlschema
not-installed"ghc-hxt-regex-xmlschema-devel
not-installed"ghc-hxt-unicode
not-installed"ghc-hxt-unicode-devel
not-installed"ghc-hyphenation
not-installed"ghc-hyphenation-devel
not-installed"ghc-ieee754
not-installed"ghc-ieee754-devel
not-installed"ghc-ignore
not-installed"ghc-ignore-devel
not-installed"ghc-imagesize-conduit
not-installed"ghc-imagesize-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-immortal
not-installed"ghc-immortal-devel
not-installed"ghc-include-file
not-installed"ghc-include-file-devel
not-installed"ghc-indents
not-installed"ghc-indents-devel
not-installed"ghc-inflections
not-installed"ghc-inflections-devel
not-installed"ghc-ini
not-installed"ghc-ini-devel
not-installed"ghc-inline-c
not-installed"ghc-inline-c-devel
not-installed"ghc-insert-ordered-containers
not-installed"ghc-insert-ordered-containers-devel
not-installed"ghc-integer-logarithms
not-installed"ghc-integer-logarithms-devel
not-installed"ghc-integration
not-installed"ghc-integration-devel
not-installed"ghc-io-choice
not-installed"ghc-io-choice-devel
not-installed"ghc-io-machine
not-installed"ghc-io-machine-devel
not-installed"ghc-io-manager
not-installed"ghc-io-manager-devel
not-installed"ghc-io-memoize
not-installed"ghc-io-memoize-devel
not-installed"ghc-io-region
not-installed"ghc-io-region-devel
not-installed"ghc-io-storage
not-installed"ghc-io-storage-devel
not-installed"ghc-io-streams
not-installed"ghc-io-streams-devel
not-installed"ghc-iproute
not-installed"ghc-iproute-devel
not-installed"ghc-irc
not-installed"ghc-irc-ctcp
not-installed"ghc-irc-ctcp-devel
not-installed"ghc-irc-devel
not-installed"ghc-islink
not-installed"ghc-islink-devel
not-installed"ghc-iso639
not-installed"ghc-iso639-devel
not-installed"ghc-iso8601-time
not-installed"ghc-iso8601-time-devel
not-installed"ghc-iterable
not-installed"ghc-iterable-devel
not-installed"ghc-ix-shapable
not-installed"ghc-ix-shapable-devel
not-installed"ghc-js-flot
not-installed"ghc-js-flot-devel
not-installed"ghc-js-jquery
not-installed"ghc-js-jquery-devel
not-installed"ghc-json
not-installed"ghc-json-devel
not-installed"ghc-jwt
not-installed"ghc-jwt-devel
not-installed"ghc-kan-extensions
not-installed"ghc-kan-extensions-devel
not-installed"ghc-keys
not-installed"ghc-keys-devel
not-installed"ghc-kmeans
not-installed"ghc-kmeans-devel
not-installed"ghc-knob
not-installed"ghc-knob-devel
not-installed"ghc-koofr-client
not-installed"ghc-koofr-client-devel
not-installed"ghc-language-c
not-installed"ghc-language-c-devel
not-installed"ghc-language-java
not-installed"ghc-language-java-devel
not-installed"ghc-language-javascript
not-installed"ghc-language-javascript-devel
not-installed"ghc-language-nix
not-installed"ghc-language-nix-devel
not-installed"ghc-largeword
not-installed"ghc-largeword-devel
not-installed"ghc-lazy-csv
not-installed"ghc-lazy-csv-devel
not-installed"ghc-lca
not-installed"ghc-lca-devel
not-installed"ghc-lens
not-installed"ghc-lens-action
not-installed"ghc-lens-action-devel
not-installed"ghc-lens-aeson
not-installed"ghc-lens-aeson-devel
not-installed"ghc-lens-datetime
not-installed"ghc-lens-datetime-devel
not-installed"ghc-lens-devel
not-installed"ghc-lens-family-core
not-installed"ghc-lens-family-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-leveldb-haskell
not-installed"ghc-leveldb-haskell-devel
not-installed"ghc-libgit
not-installed"ghc-libgit-devel
not-installed"ghc-libinfluxdb
not-installed"ghc-libinfluxdb-devel
not-installed"ghc-libraries
not-installed"ghc-libxml-sax
not-installed"ghc-libxml-sax-devel
not-installed"ghc-lift-generics
not-installed"ghc-lift-generics-devel
not-installed"ghc-lifted-async
not-installed"ghc-lifted-async-devel
not-installed"ghc-lifted-base
not-installed"ghc-lifted-base-devel
not-installed"ghc-linux-file-extents
not-installed"ghc-linux-file-extents-devel
not-installed"ghc-linux-namespaces
not-installed"ghc-linux-namespaces-devel
not-installed"ghc-list-fusion-probe
not-installed"ghc-list-fusion-probe-devel
not-installed"ghc-list-t
not-installed"ghc-list-t-devel
not-installed"ghc-load-env
not-installed"ghc-load-env-devel
not-installed"ghc-loch-th
not-installed"ghc-loch-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-logfloat
not-installed"ghc-logfloat-devel
not-installed"ghc-logging-facade
not-installed"ghc-logging-facade-devel
not-installed"ghc-logict
not-installed"ghc-logict-devel
not-installed"ghc-loop
not-installed"ghc-loop-devel
not-installed"ghc-lrucache
not-installed"ghc-lrucache-devel
not-installed"ghc-magic
not-installed"ghc-magic-devel
not-installed"ghc-managed
not-installed"ghc-managed-devel
not-installed"ghc-mandrill
not-installed"ghc-mandrill-devel
not-installed"ghc-markdown
not-installed"ghc-markdown-devel
not-installed"ghc-markdown-unlit
not-installed"ghc-markdown-unlit-devel
not-installed"ghc-matrices
not-installed"ghc-matrices-devel
not-installed"ghc-maximal-cliques
not-installed"ghc-maximal-cliques-devel
not-installed"ghc-mbox
not-installed"ghc-mbox-devel
not-installed"ghc-memory
not-installed"ghc-memory-devel
not-installed"ghc-mersenne-random-pure64
not-installed"ghc-mersenne-random-pure64-devel
not-installed"ghc-messagepack
not-installed"ghc-messagepack-devel
not-installed"ghc-metrics
not-installed"ghc-metrics-devel
not-installed"ghc-microlens
not-installed"ghc-microlens-aeson
not-installed"ghc-microlens-aeson-devel
not-installed"ghc-microlens-contra
not-installed"ghc-microlens-contra-devel
not-installed"ghc-microlens-devel
not-installed"ghc-microlens-mtl
not-installed"ghc-microlens-mtl-devel
not-installed"ghc-microlens-th
not-installed"ghc-microlens-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-mime-mail
not-installed"ghc-mime-mail-devel
not-installed"ghc-mime-mail-ses
not-installed"ghc-mime-mail-ses-devel
not-installed"ghc-mime-types
not-installed"ghc-mime-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-missing-foreign
not-installed"ghc-missing-foreign-devel
not-installed"ghc-mmap
not-installed"ghc-mmap-devel
not-installed"ghc-mmorph
not-installed"ghc-mmorph-devel
not-installed"ghc-mod
not-installed"ghc-monad-control
not-installed"ghc-monad-control-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-extras
not-installed"ghc-monad-extras-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-journal
not-installed"ghc-monad-journal-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-logger
not-installed"ghc-monad-logger-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-logger-json
not-installed"ghc-monad-logger-json-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-loops
not-installed"ghc-monad-loops-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-parallel
not-installed"ghc-monad-parallel-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-peel
not-installed"ghc-monad-peel-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-primitive
not-installed"ghc-monad-primitive-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-products
not-installed"ghc-monad-products-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-skeleton
not-installed"ghc-monad-skeleton-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-time
not-installed"ghc-monad-time-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-unlift
not-installed"ghc-monad-unlift-devel
not-installed"ghc-monad-unlift-ref
not-installed"ghc-monad-unlift-ref-devel
not-installed"ghc-monadLib
not-installed"ghc-monadLib-devel
not-installed"ghc-monadcryptorandom
not-installed"ghc-monadcryptorandom-devel
not-installed"ghc-monadic-arrays
not-installed"ghc-monadic-arrays-devel
not-installed"ghc-monadloc
not-installed"ghc-monadloc-devel
not-installed"ghc-monadplus
not-installed"ghc-monadplus-devel
not-installed"ghc-monads-tf
not-installed"ghc-monads-tf-devel
not-installed"ghc-mono-traversable
not-installed"ghc-mono-traversable-devel
not-installed"ghc-monoidal-containers
not-installed"ghc-monoidal-containers-devel
not-installed"ghc-mountpoints
not-installed"ghc-mountpoints-devel
not-installed"ghc-mtl
not-installed"ghc-mtl-compat
not-installed"ghc-mtl-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-mtl-devel
not-installed"ghc-mtl-prelude
not-installed"ghc-mtl-prelude-devel
not-installed"ghc-multiarg
not-installed"ghc-multiarg-devel
not-installed"ghc-multimap
not-installed"ghc-multimap-devel
not-installed"ghc-multipart
not-installed"ghc-multipart-devel
not-installed"ghc-multiset
not-installed"ghc-multiset-comb
not-installed"ghc-multiset-comb-devel
not-installed"ghc-multiset-devel
not-installed"ghc-murmur-hash
not-installed"ghc-murmur-hash-devel
not-installed"ghc-mutable-containers
not-installed"ghc-mutable-containers-devel
not-installed"ghc-mwc-probability
not-installed"ghc-mwc-probability-devel
not-installed"ghc-mwc-random
not-installed"ghc-mwc-random-devel
not-installed"ghc-nagios-check
not-installed"ghc-nagios-check-devel
not-installed"ghc-names-th
not-installed"ghc-names-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-nano-erl
not-installed"ghc-nano-erl-devel
not-installed"ghc-nanospec
not-installed"ghc-nanospec-devel
not-installed"ghc-nats
not-installed"ghc-nats-devel
not-installed"ghc-natural-sort
not-installed"ghc-natural-sort-devel
not-installed"ghc-natural-transformation
not-installed"ghc-natural-transformation-devel
not-installed"ghc-ndjson-conduit
not-installed"ghc-ndjson-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-neat-interpolation
not-installed"ghc-neat-interpolation-devel
not-installed"ghc-network
not-installed"ghc-network-attoparsec
not-installed"ghc-network-attoparsec-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-conduit-tls
not-installed"ghc-network-conduit-tls-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-info
not-installed"ghc-network-info-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-multicast
not-installed"ghc-network-multicast-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-protocol-xmpp
not-installed"ghc-network-protocol-xmpp-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-simple
not-installed"ghc-network-simple-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-transport
not-installed"ghc-network-transport-devel
not-installed"ghc-network-uri
not-installed"ghc-network-uri-devel
not-installed"ghc-newtype
not-installed"ghc-newtype-devel
not-installed"ghc-nicify-lib
not-installed"ghc-nicify-lib-devel
not-installed"ghc-nix-paths
not-installed"ghc-nix-paths-devel
not-installed"ghc-nonce
not-installed"ghc-nonce-devel
not-installed"ghc-nsis
not-installed"ghc-nsis-devel
not-installed"ghc-numbers
not-installed"ghc-numbers-devel
not-installed"ghc-numeric-extras
not-installed"ghc-numeric-extras-devel
not-installed"ghc-numtype-dk
not-installed"ghc-numtype-dk-devel
not-installed"ghc-old-locale
not-installed"ghc-old-locale-devel
not-installed"ghc-old-time
not-installed"ghc-old-time-devel
not-installed"ghc-oo-prototypes
not-installed"ghc-oo-prototypes-devel
not-installed"ghc-open-browser
not-installed"ghc-open-browser-devel
not-installed"ghc-opensource
not-installed"ghc-opensource-devel
not-installed"ghc-optional-args
not-installed"ghc-optional-args-devel
not-installed"ghc-options
not-installed"ghc-options-devel
not-installed"ghc-optparse-applicative
not-installed"ghc-optparse-applicative-devel
not-installed"ghc-optparse-generic
not-installed"ghc-optparse-generic-devel
not-installed"ghc-optparse-helper
not-installed"ghc-optparse-helper-devel
not-installed"ghc-optparse-simple
not-installed"ghc-optparse-simple-devel
not-installed"ghc-package-description-remote
not-installed"ghc-package-description-remote-devel
not-installed"ghc-palette
not-installed"ghc-palette-devel
not-installed"ghc-pandoc
not-installed"ghc-pandoc-devel
not-installed"ghc-pandoc-types
not-installed"ghc-pandoc-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-pango
not-installed"ghc-pango-devel
not-installed"ghc-parallel
not-installed"ghc-parallel-devel
not-installed"ghc-parallel-io
not-installed"ghc-parallel-io-devel
not-installed"ghc-parseargs
not-installed"ghc-parseargs-devel
not-installed"ghc-parsec
not-installed"ghc-parsec-devel
not-installed"ghc-parsers
not-installed"ghc-parsers-devel
not-installed"ghc-partial-handler
not-installed"ghc-partial-handler-devel
not-installed"ghc-path
not-installed"ghc-path-devel
not-installed"ghc-path-extra
not-installed"ghc-path-extra-devel
not-installed"ghc-path-io
not-installed"ghc-path-io-devel
not-installed"ghc-path-pieces
not-installed"ghc-path-pieces-devel
not-installed"ghc-pathwalk
not-installed"ghc-pathwalk-devel
not-installed"ghc-patience
not-installed"ghc-patience-devel
not-installed"ghc-pattern-arrows
not-installed"ghc-pattern-arrows-devel
not-installed"ghc-pcap
not-installed"ghc-pcap-devel
not-installed"ghc-pcre-heavy
not-installed"ghc-pcre-heavy-devel
not-installed"ghc-pcre-light
not-installed"ghc-pcre-light-devel
not-installed"ghc-pcre-utils
not-installed"ghc-pcre-utils-devel
not-installed"ghc-pem
not-installed"ghc-pem-devel
not-installed"ghc-permutation
not-installed"ghc-permutation-devel
not-installed"ghc-persistent
not-installed"ghc-persistent-devel
not-installed"ghc-persistent-sqlite
not-installed"ghc-persistent-sqlite-devel
not-installed"ghc-persistent-template
not-installed"ghc-persistent-template-devel
not-installed"ghc-pgp-wordlist
not-installed"ghc-pgp-wordlist-devel
not-installed"ghc-phantom-state
not-installed"ghc-phantom-state-devel
not-installed"ghc-pid1
not-installed"ghc-pid1-devel
not-installed"ghc-pinch
not-installed"ghc-pinch-devel
not-installed"ghc-pipes
not-installed"ghc-pipes-concurrency
not-installed"ghc-pipes-concurrency-devel
not-installed"ghc-pipes-devel
not-installed"ghc-pipes-extras
not-installed"ghc-pipes-extras-devel
not-installed"ghc-pipes-http
not-installed"ghc-pipes-http-devel
not-installed"ghc-pipes-parse
not-installed"ghc-pipes-parse-devel
not-installed"ghc-pipes-safe
not-installed"ghc-pipes-safe-devel
not-installed"ghc-pipes-wai
not-installed"ghc-pipes-wai-devel
not-installed"ghc-placeholders
not-installed"ghc-placeholders-devel
not-installed"ghc-plan-b
not-installed"ghc-plan-b-devel
not-installed"ghc-pointed
not-installed"ghc-pointed-devel
not-installed"ghc-pointedlist
not-installed"ghc-pointedlist-devel
not-installed"ghc-pointfree
not-installed"ghc-pointfree-devel
not-installed"ghc-pointful
not-installed"ghc-pointful-devel
not-installed"ghc-pointless-fun
not-installed"ghc-pointless-fun-devel
not-installed"ghc-polyparse
not-installed"ghc-polyparse-devel
not-installed"ghc-posix-realtime
not-installed"ghc-posix-realtime-devel
not-installed"ghc-post-mess-age
not-installed"ghc-post-mess-age-devel
not-installed"ghc-postgresql-libpq
not-installed"ghc-postgresql-libpq-devel
not-installed"ghc-pred-set
not-installed"ghc-pred-set-devel
not-installed"ghc-prefix-units
not-installed"ghc-prefix-units-devel
not-installed"ghc-prelude-extras
not-installed"ghc-prelude-extras-devel
not-installed"ghc-prelude-safeenum
not-installed"ghc-prelude-safeenum-devel
not-installed"ghc-preprocessor-tools
not-installed"ghc-preprocessor-tools-devel
not-installed"ghc-presburger
not-installed"ghc-presburger-devel
not-installed"ghc-pretty
not-installed"ghc-pretty-class
not-installed"ghc-pretty-class-devel
not-installed"ghc-pretty-devel
not-installed"ghc-pretty-hex
not-installed"ghc-pretty-hex-devel
not-installed"ghc-prettyclass
not-installed"ghc-prettyclass-devel
not-installed"ghc-primes
not-installed"ghc-primes-devel
not-installed"ghc-primitive
not-installed"ghc-primitive-devel
not-installed"ghc-process
not-installed"ghc-process-devel
not-installed"ghc-product-profunctors
not-installed"ghc-product-profunctors-devel
not-installed"ghc-profunctors
not-installed"ghc-profunctors-devel
not-installed"ghc-project-template
not-installed"ghc-project-template-devel
not-installed"ghc-projectroot
not-installed"ghc-projectroot-devel
not-installed"ghc-prompt
not-installed"ghc-prompt-devel
not-installed"ghc-protolude
not-installed"ghc-protolude-devel
not-installed"ghc-proxied
not-installed"ghc-proxied-devel
not-installed"ghc-psqueues
not-installed"ghc-psqueues-devel
not-installed"ghc-pure-cdb
not-installed"ghc-pure-cdb-devel
not-installed"ghc-pure-io
not-installed"ghc-pure-io-devel
not-installed"ghc-pureMD5
not-installed"ghc-pureMD5-devel
not-installed"ghc-pwstore-fast
not-installed"ghc-pwstore-fast-devel
not-installed"ghc-pwstore-purehaskell
not-installed"ghc-pwstore-purehaskell-devel
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-instances
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-instances-devel
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-io
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-io-devel
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-simple
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-simple-devel
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-text
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-unicode
not-installed"ghc-quickcheck-unicode-devel
not-installed"ghc-random
not-installed"ghc-random-devel
not-installed"ghc-random-shuffle
not-installed"ghc-random-shuffle-devel
not-installed"ghc-range
not-installed"ghc-range-devel
not-installed"ghc-range-set-list
not-installed"ghc-range-set-list-devel
not-installed"ghc-rank1dynamic
not-installed"ghc-rank1dynamic-devel
not-installed"ghc-raw-strings-qq
not-installed"ghc-raw-strings-qq-devel
not-installed"ghc-read-editor
not-installed"ghc-read-editor-devel
not-installed"ghc-read-env-var
not-installed"ghc-read-env-var-devel
not-installed"ghc-readable
not-installed"ghc-readable-devel
not-installed"ghc-readline
not-installed"ghc-readline-devel
not-installed"ghc-recursion-schemes
not-installed"ghc-recursion-schemes-devel
not-installed"ghc-reducers
not-installed"ghc-reducers-devel
not-installed"ghc-ref-fd
not-installed"ghc-ref-fd-devel
not-installed"ghc-refact
not-installed"ghc-refact-devel
not-installed"ghc-reflection
not-installed"ghc-reflection-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-applicative
not-installed"ghc-regex-applicative-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-applicative-text
not-installed"ghc-regex-applicative-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-base
not-installed"ghc-regex-base-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-compat
not-installed"ghc-regex-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-compat-tdfa
not-installed"ghc-regex-compat-tdfa-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-pcre
not-installed"ghc-regex-pcre-builtin
not-installed"ghc-regex-pcre-builtin-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-pcre-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-posix
not-installed"ghc-regex-posix-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-tdfa
not-installed"ghc-regex-tdfa-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-tdfa-rc
not-installed"ghc-regex-tdfa-rc-devel
not-installed"ghc-regex-tdfa-text
not-installed"ghc-regex-tdfa-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-reinterpret-cast
not-installed"ghc-reinterpret-cast-devel
not-installed"ghc-repa
not-installed"ghc-repa-devel
not-installed"ghc-reroute
not-installed"ghc-reroute-devel
not-installed"ghc-resource-pool
not-installed"ghc-resource-pool-devel
not-installed"ghc-resourcet
not-installed"ghc-resourcet-devel
not-installed"ghc-rethinkdb
not-installed"ghc-rethinkdb-devel
not-installed"ghc-retry
not-installed"ghc-retry-devel
not-installed"ghc-rev-state
not-installed"ghc-rev-state-devel
not-installed"ghc-rfc5051
not-installed"ghc-rfc5051-devel
not-installed"ghc-rng-utils
not-installed"ghc-rng-utils-devel
not-installed"ghc-rpm-macros
not-installed"ghc-rpm-macros-extra
not-installed"ghc-runmemo
not-installed"ghc-runmemo-devel
not-installed"ghc-safe
not-installed"ghc-safe-devel
not-installed"ghc-safe-exceptions
not-installed"ghc-safe-exceptions-devel
not-installed"ghc-safecopy
not-installed"ghc-safecopy-devel
not-installed"ghc-sampling
not-installed"ghc-sampling-devel
not-installed"ghc-sandi
not-installed"ghc-sandi-devel
not-installed"ghc-say
not-installed"ghc-say-devel
not-installed"ghc-scanner
not-installed"ghc-scanner-devel
not-installed"ghc-scientific
not-installed"ghc-scientific-devel
not-installed"ghc-scotty
not-installed"ghc-scotty-devel
not-installed"ghc-scrypt
not-installed"ghc-scrypt-devel
not-installed"ghc-securemem
not-installed"ghc-securemem-devel
not-installed"ghc-semigroupoids
not-installed"ghc-semigroupoids-devel
not-installed"ghc-semigroups
not-installed"ghc-semigroups-devel
not-installed"ghc-semiring-simple
not-installed"ghc-semiring-simple-devel
not-installed"ghc-serversession
not-installed"ghc-serversession-devel
not-installed"ghc-set-monad
not-installed"ghc-set-monad-devel
not-installed"ghc-setenv
not-installed"ghc-setenv-devel
not-installed"ghc-setlocale
not-installed"ghc-setlocale-devel
not-installed"ghc-shake
not-installed"ghc-shake-devel
not-installed"ghc-shakespeare
not-installed"ghc-shakespeare-devel
not-installed"ghc-shelly
not-installed"ghc-shelly-devel
not-installed"ghc-shortcut-links
not-installed"ghc-shortcut-links-devel
not-installed"ghc-should-not-typecheck
not-installed"ghc-should-not-typecheck-devel
not-installed"ghc-signal
not-installed"ghc-signal-devel
not-installed"ghc-silently
not-installed"ghc-silently-devel
not-installed"ghc-simple-log
not-installed"ghc-simple-log-devel
not-installed"ghc-simple-reflect
not-installed"ghc-simple-reflect-devel
not-installed"ghc-simple-sendfile
not-installed"ghc-simple-sendfile-devel
not-installed"ghc-simple-smt
not-installed"ghc-simple-smt-devel
not-installed"ghc-skein
not-installed"ghc-skein-devel
not-installed"ghc-skylighting
not-installed"ghc-skylighting-devel
not-installed"ghc-slug
not-installed"ghc-slug-devel
not-installed"ghc-smallcheck
not-installed"ghc-smallcheck-devel
not-installed"ghc-smtp-mail
not-installed"ghc-smtp-mail-devel
not-installed"ghc-snowflake
not-installed"ghc-snowflake-devel
not-installed"ghc-socket
not-installed"ghc-socket-devel
not-installed"ghc-socks
not-installed"ghc-socks-devel
not-installed"ghc-sorted-list
not-installed"ghc-sorted-list-devel
not-installed"ghc-sourcemap
not-installed"ghc-sourcemap-devel
not-installed"ghc-spdx
not-installed"ghc-spdx-devel
not-installed"ghc-split
not-installed"ghc-split-devel
not-installed"ghc-spool
not-installed"ghc-spool-devel
not-installed"ghc-spoon
not-installed"ghc-spoon-devel
not-installed"ghc-sql-words
not-installed"ghc-sql-words-devel
not-installed"ghc-srcloc
not-installed"ghc-srcloc-devel
not-installed"ghc-stack
not-installed"ghc-stack-devel
not-installed"ghc-state-plus
not-installed"ghc-state-plus-devel
not-installed"ghc-stateWriter
not-installed"ghc-stateWriter-devel
not-installed"ghc-stateref
not-installed"ghc-stateref-devel
not-installed"ghc-statestack
not-installed"ghc-statestack-devel
not-installed"ghc-stm
not-installed"ghc-stm-chans
not-installed"ghc-stm-chans-devel
not-installed"ghc-stm-containers
not-installed"ghc-stm-containers-devel
not-installed"ghc-stm-delay
not-installed"ghc-stm-delay-devel
not-installed"ghc-stm-devel
not-installed"ghc-stm-stats
not-installed"ghc-stm-stats-devel
not-installed"ghc-stopwatch
not-installed"ghc-stopwatch-devel
not-installed"ghc-storable-complex
not-installed"ghc-storable-complex-devel
not-installed"ghc-store
not-installed"ghc-store-core
not-installed"ghc-store-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-store-devel
not-installed"ghc-streaming
not-installed"ghc-streaming-commons
not-installed"ghc-streaming-commons-devel
not-installed"ghc-streaming-devel
not-installed"ghc-streamproc
not-installed"ghc-streamproc-devel
not-installed"ghc-strict
not-installed"ghc-strict-devel
not-installed"ghc-string-class
not-installed"ghc-string-class-devel
not-installed"ghc-string-combinators
not-installed"ghc-string-combinators-devel
not-installed"ghc-string-conv
not-installed"ghc-string-conv-devel
not-installed"ghc-string-conversions
not-installed"ghc-string-conversions-devel
not-installed"ghc-string-qq
not-installed"ghc-string-qq-devel
not-installed"ghc-stringable
not-installed"ghc-stringable-devel
not-installed"ghc-stringbuilder
not-installed"ghc-stringbuilder-devel
not-installed"ghc-stringsearch
not-installed"ghc-stringsearch-devel
not-installed"ghc-success
not-installed"ghc-success-devel
not-installed"ghc-sundown
not-installed"ghc-sundown-devel
not-installed"ghc-superbuffer
not-installed"ghc-superbuffer-devel
not-installed"ghc-svg-builder
not-installed"ghc-svg-builder-devel
not-installed"ghc-syb
not-installed"ghc-syb-devel
not-installed"ghc-syb-with-class
not-installed"ghc-syb-with-class-devel
not-installed"ghc-symbol
not-installed"ghc-symbol-devel
not-installed"ghc-system-argv0
not-installed"ghc-system-argv0-devel
not-installed"ghc-system-fileio
not-installed"ghc-system-fileio-devel
not-installed"ghc-system-filepath
not-installed"ghc-system-filepath-devel
not-installed"ghc-system-posix-redirect
not-installed"ghc-system-posix-redirect-devel
not-installed"ghc-syz
not-installed"ghc-syz-devel
not-installed"ghc-tagged
not-installed"ghc-tagged-binary
not-installed"ghc-tagged-binary-devel
not-installed"ghc-tagged-devel
not-installed"ghc-tagshare
not-installed"ghc-tagshare-devel
not-installed"ghc-tagsoup
not-installed"ghc-tagsoup-devel
not-installed"ghc-tagstream-conduit
not-installed"ghc-tagstream-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-tar
not-installed"ghc-tar-devel
not-installed"ghc-tardis
not-installed"ghc-tardis-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty
not-installed"ghc-tasty-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty-expected-failure
not-installed"ghc-tasty-expected-failure-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty-golden
not-installed"ghc-tasty-golden-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty-hunit
not-installed"ghc-tasty-hunit-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty-kat
not-installed"ghc-tasty-kat-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty-quickcheck
not-installed"ghc-tasty-quickcheck-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty-rerun
not-installed"ghc-tasty-rerun-devel
not-installed"ghc-tasty-th
not-installed"ghc-tasty-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-template
not-installed"ghc-template-devel
not-installed"ghc-template-haskell
not-installed"ghc-template-haskell-devel
not-installed"ghc-temporary
not-installed"ghc-temporary-devel
not-installed"ghc-temporary-rc
not-installed"ghc-temporary-rc-devel
not-installed"ghc-terminal-progress-bar
not-installed"ghc-terminal-progress-bar-devel
not-installed"ghc-terminal-size
not-installed"ghc-terminal-size-devel
not-installed"ghc-terminfo
not-installed"ghc-terminfo-devel
not-installed"ghc-test-framework
not-installed"ghc-test-framework-devel
not-installed"ghc-texmath
not-installed"ghc-texmath-devel
not-installed"ghc-text
not-installed"ghc-text-binary
not-installed"ghc-text-binary-devel
not-installed"ghc-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-text-icu
not-installed"ghc-text-icu-devel
not-installed"ghc-text-manipulate
not-installed"ghc-text-manipulate-devel
not-installed"ghc-text-metrics
not-installed"ghc-text-metrics-devel
not-installed"ghc-text-postgresql
not-installed"ghc-text-postgresql-devel
not-installed"ghc-tf-random
not-installed"ghc-tf-random-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-data-compat
not-installed"ghc-th-data-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-expand-syns
not-installed"ghc-th-expand-syns-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-extras
not-installed"ghc-th-extras-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-lift
not-installed"ghc-th-lift-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-lift-instances
not-installed"ghc-th-lift-instances-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-orphans
not-installed"ghc-th-orphans-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-reify-compat
not-installed"ghc-th-reify-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-reify-many
not-installed"ghc-th-reify-many-devel
not-installed"ghc-th-utilities
not-installed"ghc-th-utilities-devel
not-installed"ghc-threads
not-installed"ghc-threads-devel
not-installed"ghc-through-text
not-installed"ghc-through-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-time
not-installed"ghc-time-devel
not-installed"ghc-time-locale-compat
not-installed"ghc-time-locale-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-time-parsers
not-installed"ghc-time-parsers-devel
not-installed"ghc-timemap
not-installed"ghc-timemap-devel
not-installed"ghc-timezone-series
not-installed"ghc-timezone-series-devel
not-installed"ghc-tinytemplate
not-installed"ghc-tinytemplate-devel
not-installed"ghc-tls
not-installed"ghc-tls-devel
not-installed"ghc-token-bucket
not-installed"ghc-token-bucket-devel
not-installed"ghc-torrent
not-installed"ghc-torrent-devel
not-installed"ghc-tostring
not-installed"ghc-tostring-devel
not-installed"ghc-transformers
not-installed"ghc-transformers-base
not-installed"ghc-transformers-base-devel
not-installed"ghc-transformers-compat
not-installed"ghc-transformers-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-transformers-devel
not-installed"ghc-transformers-lift
not-installed"ghc-transformers-lift-devel
not-installed"ghc-traverse-with-class
not-installed"ghc-traverse-with-class-devel
not-installed"ghc-tree-view
not-installed"ghc-tree-view-devel
not-installed"ghc-true-name
not-installed"ghc-true-name-devel
not-installed"ghc-tuple
not-installed"ghc-tuple-devel
not-installed"ghc-tuple-th
not-installed"ghc-tuple-th-devel
not-installed"ghc-tuples-homogenous-h98
not-installed"ghc-tuples-homogenous-h98-devel
not-installed"ghc-turtle
not-installed"ghc-turtle-devel
not-installed"ghc-turtle-options
not-installed"ghc-turtle-options-devel
not-installed"ghc-twitter-feed
not-installed"ghc-twitter-feed-devel
not-installed"ghc-type-aligned
not-installed"ghc-type-aligned-devel
not-installed"ghc-type-eq
not-installed"ghc-type-eq-devel
not-installed"ghc-type-level-numbers
not-installed"ghc-type-level-numbers-devel
not-installed"ghc-typed-process
not-installed"ghc-typed-process-devel
not-installed"ghc-typelits-witnesses
not-installed"ghc-typelits-witnesses-devel
not-installed"ghc-uglymemo
not-installed"ghc-uglymemo-devel
not-installed"ghc-unbound-generics
not-installed"ghc-unbound-generics-devel
not-installed"ghc-unbounded-delays
not-installed"ghc-unbounded-delays-devel
not-installed"ghc-unexceptionalio
not-installed"ghc-unexceptionalio-devel
not-installed"ghc-unicode-transforms
not-installed"ghc-unicode-transforms-devel
not-installed"ghc-union-find
not-installed"ghc-union-find-devel
not-installed"ghc-uniplate
not-installed"ghc-uniplate-devel
not-installed"ghc-universe-base
not-installed"ghc-universe-base-devel
not-installed"ghc-unix
not-installed"ghc-unix-bytestring
not-installed"ghc-unix-bytestring-devel
not-installed"ghc-unix-compat
not-installed"ghc-unix-compat-devel
not-installed"ghc-unix-devel
not-installed"ghc-unix-time
not-installed"ghc-unix-time-devel
not-installed"ghc-unordered-containers
not-installed"ghc-unordered-containers-devel
not-installed"ghc-uri-bytestring
not-installed"ghc-uri-bytestring-devel
not-installed"ghc-utf8-light
not-installed"ghc-utf8-light-devel
not-installed"ghc-utf8-string
not-installed"ghc-utf8-string-devel
not-installed"ghc-utility-ht
not-installed"ghc-utility-ht-devel
not-installed"ghc-uu-interleaved
not-installed"ghc-uu-interleaved-devel
not-installed"ghc-uuid
not-installed"ghc-uuid-devel
not-installed"ghc-uuid-types
not-installed"ghc-uuid-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-validate-input
not-installed"ghc-validate-input-devel
not-installed"ghc-validation
not-installed"ghc-validation-devel
not-installed"ghc-validity
not-installed"ghc-validity-devel
not-installed"ghc-vault
not-installed"ghc-vault-devel
not-installed"ghc-vector
not-installed"ghc-vector-algorithms
not-installed"ghc-vector-algorithms-devel
not-installed"ghc-vector-binary-instances
not-installed"ghc-vector-binary-instances-devel
not-installed"ghc-vector-buffer
not-installed"ghc-vector-buffer-devel
not-installed"ghc-vector-devel
not-installed"ghc-vector-instances
not-installed"ghc-vector-instances-devel
not-installed"ghc-vector-space
not-installed"ghc-vector-space-devel
not-installed"ghc-vector-th-unbox
not-installed"ghc-vector-th-unbox-devel
not-installed"ghc-vinyl
not-installed"ghc-vinyl-devel
not-installed"ghc-void
not-installed"ghc-void-devel
not-installed"ghc-wai
not-installed"ghc-wai-app-static
not-installed"ghc-wai-app-static-devel
not-installed"ghc-wai-conduit
not-installed"ghc-wai-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-wai-devel
not-installed"ghc-wai-eventsource
not-installed"ghc-wai-eventsource-devel
not-installed"ghc-wai-extra
not-installed"ghc-wai-extra-devel
not-installed"ghc-wai-logger
not-installed"ghc-wai-logger-devel
not-installed"ghc-wai-middleware-caching
not-installed"ghc-wai-middleware-caching-devel
not-installed"ghc-waitra
not-installed"ghc-waitra-devel
not-installed"ghc-warp
not-installed"ghc-warp-devel
not-installed"ghc-warp-tls
not-installed"ghc-warp-tls-devel
not-installed"ghc-web-plugins
not-installed"ghc-web-plugins-devel
not-installed"ghc-web-routes
not-installed"ghc-web-routes-devel
not-installed"ghc-websockets
not-installed"ghc-websockets-devel
not-installed"ghc-weigh
not-installed"ghc-weigh-devel
not-installed"ghc-with-location
not-installed"ghc-with-location-devel
not-installed"ghc-witherable
not-installed"ghc-witherable-devel
not-installed"ghc-wl-pprint
not-installed"ghc-wl-pprint-devel
not-installed"ghc-wl-pprint-extras
not-installed"ghc-wl-pprint-extras-devel
not-installed"ghc-wl-pprint-text
not-installed"ghc-wl-pprint-text-devel
not-installed"ghc-word-trie
not-installed"ghc-word-trie-devel
not-installed"ghc-word8
not-installed"ghc-word8-devel
not-installed"ghc-wrap
not-installed"ghc-wrap-devel
not-installed"ghc-wreq
not-installed"ghc-wreq-devel
not-installed"ghc-x509
not-installed"ghc-x509-devel
not-installed"ghc-x509-store
not-installed"ghc-x509-store-devel
not-installed"ghc-x509-system
not-installed"ghc-x509-system-devel
not-installed"ghc-x509-validation
not-installed"ghc-x509-validation-devel
not-installed"ghc-xdg-basedir
not-installed"ghc-xdg-basedir-devel
not-installed"ghc-xenstore
not-installed"ghc-xenstore-devel
not-installed"ghc-xhtml
not-installed"ghc-xhtml-devel
not-installed"ghc-xlsior
not-installed"ghc-xlsior-devel
not-installed"ghc-xml
not-installed"ghc-xml-conduit
not-installed"ghc-xml-conduit-devel
not-installed"ghc-xml-conduit-writer
not-installed"ghc-xml-conduit-writer-devel
not-installed"ghc-xml-devel
not-installed"ghc-xml-hamlet
not-installed"ghc-xml-hamlet-devel
not-installed"ghc-xml-lens
not-installed"ghc-xml-lens-devel
not-installed"ghc-xml-to-json-fast
not-installed"ghc-xml-to-json-fast-devel
not-installed"ghc-xml-types
not-installed"ghc-xml-types-devel
not-installed"ghc-xmlgen
not-installed"ghc-xmlgen-devel
not-installed"ghc-xmlhtml
not-installed"ghc-xmlhtml-devel
not-installed"ghc-xmonad
not-installed"ghc-xmonad-contrib
not-installed"ghc-xmonad-contrib-devel
not-installed"ghc-xmonad-devel
not-installed"ghc-xss-sanitize
not-installed"ghc-xss-sanitize-devel
not-installed"ghc-yaml
not-installed"ghc-yaml-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod
not-installed"ghc-yesod-auth
not-installed"ghc-yesod-auth-basic
not-installed"ghc-yesod-auth-basic-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-auth-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-core
not-installed"ghc-yesod-core-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-default
not-installed"ghc-yesod-default-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-form
not-installed"ghc-yesod-form-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-form-richtext
not-installed"ghc-yesod-form-richtext-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-gitrepo
not-installed"ghc-yesod-gitrepo-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-gitrev
not-installed"ghc-yesod-gitrev-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-newsfeed
not-installed"ghc-yesod-newsfeed-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-persistent
not-installed"ghc-yesod-persistent-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-sitemap
not-installed"ghc-yesod-sitemap-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-static
not-installed"ghc-yesod-static-devel
not-installed"ghc-yesod-table
not-installed"ghc-yesod-table-devel
not-installed"ghc-yjtools
not-installed"ghc-yjtools-devel
not-installed"ghc-zero
not-installed"ghc-zero-devel
not-installed"ghc-zip-archive
not-installed"ghc-zip-archive-devel
not-installed"ghc-zippers
not-installed"ghc-zippers-devel
not-installed"ghc-zlib
not-installed"ghc-zlib-bindings
not-installed"ghc-zlib-bindings-devel
not-installed"ghc-zlib-devel
not-installed"ghc-zlib-lens
not-installed"ghc-zlib-lens-devel
not-installed"ghcid
not-installed"ghex
not-installed"ghex-devel
not-installed"ghex-lang
installed"ghostscript
not-installed"ghostscript
not-installed"ghostscript-cjk
not-installed"ghostscript-devel
not-installed"ghostscript-fonts
not-installed"ghostscript-fonts-grops
installed"ghostscript-fonts-other
installed"ghostscript-fonts-std
not-installed"ghostscript-mini
not-installed"ghostscript-mini
not-installed"ghostscript-mini-devel
installed"ghostscript-x11
not-installed"ghostview
not-installed"ghostwriter
not-installed"giada
not-installed"giada
not-installed"giada-debuginfo
not-installed"giada-debugsource
not-installed"giblib-devel
not-installed"giflib-devel
not-installed"giflib-devel-32bit
not-installed"giflib-progs
not-installed"gifsicle
not-installed"gifsicle
not-installed"gigaset-frontend
not-installed"gigaset-frontend-qt
not-installed"gigedit
not-installed"gigedit
not-installed"gigedit-debuginfo
not-installed"gigedit-debugsource
not-installed"giggle
not-installed"giggle-devel
not-installed"giggle-lang
not-installed"gigolo
not-installed"gigolo-lang
not-installed"gimmix
not-installed"gimmix
not-installed"gimmix-debuginfo
not-installed"gimmix-debugsource
installed"gimp
not-installed"gimp
not-installed"gimp
not-installed"gimp-devel
not-installed"gimp-gap
not-installed"gimp-gap-lang
installed"gimp-help
not-installed"gimp-help-browser
not-installed"gimp-help-ca
not-installed"gimp-help-da
not-installed"gimp-help-de
not-installed"gimp-help-el
not-installed"gimp-help-en_GB
not-installed"gimp-help-es
not-installed"gimp-help-fi
not-installed"gimp-help-fr
not-installed"gimp-help-hr
not-installed"gimp-help-it
not-installed"gimp-help-ja
not-installed"gimp-help-ko
not-installed"gimp-help-lt
not-installed"gimp-help-nl
not-installed"gimp-help-nn
not-installed"gimp-help-pl
not-installed"gimp-help-pt_BR
not-installed"gimp-help-ru
not-installed"gimp-help-sl
not-installed"gimp-help-sv
not-installed"gimp-help-zh
installed"gimp-lang
installed"gimp-plugin-aa
not-installed"gimp-plugin-dds
not-installed"gimp-plugin-dds-doc
not-installed"gimp-plugin-lqr
not-installed"gimp-plugin-lqr-lang
installed"gimp-plugins-python
not-installed"gimp-save-for-web
not-installed"gimp-save-for-web-lang
not-installed"gimp-ufraw
not-installed"ginac
installed"gio-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gio-branding-upstream
not-installed"gio-sharp
not-installed"gio-sharp-devel
not-installed"gio-sharp3
not-installed"gio-sharp3-devel
not-installed"girara-devel
installed"girepository-1_0
not-installed"girl
not-installed"girl-lang
installed"git
not-installed"git
not-installed"git-annex
not-installed"git-annex
not-installed"git-annex-bash-completion
not-installed"git-arch
not-installed"git-bz
not-installed"git-cola
installed"git-core
not-installed"git-credential-gnome-keyring
installed"git-cvs
not-installed"git-daemon
not-installed"git-doc
installed"git-email
installed"git-gui
not-installed"git-merge-changelog
not-installed"git-review
installed"git-svn
not-installed"git-test
installed"git-web
not-installed"gitg
not-installed"gitg
not-installed"gitg-lang
installed"gitk
not-installed"gitolite
not-installed"gitslave
not-installed"gitslave-doc
not-installed"givaro-devel
not-installed"givaro-doc
not-installed"gjiten
not-installed"gjs
not-installed"gkeyfile-sharp
not-installed"gkeyfile-sharp-devel
not-installed"gkrellm
not-installed"gkrellm-cpufreq
not-installed"gkrellm-cpufreq
not-installed"gkrellm-cpupower
not-installed"gkrellm-cpupower
not-installed"gkrellm-devel
not-installed"gkrellm-lang
not-installed"gl2ps-devel
not-installed"glabels
not-installed"glabels-devel
not-installed"glabels-lang
not-installed"glade
not-installed"glade-catalog-anjuta
not-installed"glade-catalog-evolution
not-installed"glade-catalog-gitg
not-installed"glade-catalog-gtkhtml
not-installed"glade-catalog-gtksourceview
not-installed"glade-catalog-libpeas
not-installed"glade-catalog-vte
not-installed"glade-lang
not-installed"glade-sharp2
not-installed"glade3
not-installed"glade3-catalog-gtksourceview
not-installed"glade3-catalog-libxfce4ui
not-installed"glade3-catalog-vte
not-installed"glade3-lang
not-installed"glaurung121
not-installed"glaurung121
not-installed"glaurung121-debuginfo
not-installed"glaurung121-debugsource
not-installed"glaurung22
not-installed"glaurung22
not-installed"glaurung22-debuginfo
not-installed"glaurung22-debugsource
not-installed"gle-graphics
not-installed"gle-graphics-doc
installed"glew
not-installed"glew-devel
not-installed"glfw2-devel
installed"glib-networking
not-installed"glib-networking-32bit
installed"glib-networking-lang
installed"glib-sharp2
not-installed"glib-sharp3
installed"glib2-devel
not-installed"glib2-devel-32bit
not-installed"glib2-devel-static
installed"glib2-lang
installed"glib2-tools
not-installed"glib2-tools-32bit
installed"glibc
not-installed"glibc
installed"glibc-32bit
installed"glibc-devel
not-installed"glibc-devel-32bit
not-installed"glibc-devel-static
not-installed"glibc-devel-static-32bit
installed"glibc-extra
not-installed"glibc-html
installed"glibc-i18ndata
installed"glibc-info
installed"glibc-locale
installed"glibc-locale-32bit
not-installed"glibc-profile
not-installed"glibc-profile-32bit
not-installed"glibc-testsuite
not-installed"glibc-utils
not-installed"glibc-utils
not-installed"glibc-utils-32bit
not-installed"glibmm2-devel
not-installed"glipper
not-installed"glipper-lang
not-installed"glm-devel
not-installed"glm-doc
not-installed"glmark2
not-installed"global
not-installed"global
not-installed"glog-devel
not-installed"gloox
not-installed"gloox-debugsource
not-installed"gloox-devel
not-installed"glpk
not-installed"glpk-devel
not-installed"glpk-doc
not-installed"glproto-devel
not-installed"glslang-devel
not-installed"gltt
not-installed"gltt-devel
not-installed"glu-devel
not-installed"glu-devel-32bit
not-installed"glucat-devel
not-installed"glucat-doc
not-installed"gluegen2
not-installed"gluegen2-devel
not-installed"glusterfs
not-installed"glusterfs-devel
not-installed"glxosd
not-installed"glxosd-32bit
not-installed"glxosd-nvidia-plugin
not-installed"glxosd-sensors-plugin
not-installed"glyr-devel
not-installed"glyrc
not-installed"gmerlin
not-installed"gmerlin
not-installed"gmerlin-alsamixer
not-installed"gmerlin-alsamixer-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-avdecoder
not-installed"gmerlin-avdecoder
not-installed"gmerlin-avdecoder-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-avdecoder-debugsource
not-installed"gmerlin-avdecoder-lang
not-installed"gmerlin-avdecoder-plugins
not-installed"gmerlin-avdecoder-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-doc
not-installed"gmerlin-effectv
not-installed"gmerlin-effectv
not-installed"gmerlin-effectv-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-effectv-debugsource
not-installed"gmerlin-encoders
not-installed"gmerlin-encoders
not-installed"gmerlin-encoders-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-encoders-debugsource
not-installed"gmerlin-encoders-lang
not-installed"gmerlin-gavf-tools
not-installed"gmerlin-gavf-tools-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-jack
not-installed"gmerlin-jack-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-kbd
not-installed"gmerlin-kbd-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-lang
not-installed"gmerlin-player
not-installed"gmerlin-player-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-plugincfg
not-installed"gmerlin-plugincfg-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-recorder
not-installed"gmerlin-recorder-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-transcoder
not-installed"gmerlin-transcoder-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-utils
not-installed"gmerlin-utils-debuginfo
not-installed"gmerlin-visualizer
not-installed"gmerlin-visualizer-debuginfo
not-installed"gmime-devel
not-installed"gmixer
installed"gmp-devel
not-installed"gmp-devel-32bit
not-installed"gmp-ecm
not-installed"gmp-ecm-devel
not-installed"gmp3info
not-installed"gmp3info-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc
not-installed"gmpc
not-installed"gmpc-alarm
not-installed"gmpc-alarm
not-installed"gmpc-alarm-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-alarm-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-albumview
not-installed"gmpc-albumview-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-avahi
not-installed"gmpc-avahi
not-installed"gmpc-avahi-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-avahi-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-awn
not-installed"gmpc-awn
not-installed"gmpc-awn-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-awn-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-devel
not-installed"gmpc-discogs
not-installed"gmpc-discogs
not-installed"gmpc-discogs-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-discogs-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-doc
not-installed"gmpc-extraplaylist
not-installed"gmpc-extraplaylist
not-installed"gmpc-extraplaylist-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-extraplaylist-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-jamendo
not-installed"gmpc-jamendo-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-last-fm
not-installed"gmpc-last-fm
not-installed"gmpc-last-fm-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-last-fm-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-libnotify
not-installed"gmpc-libnotify
not-installed"gmpc-libnotify-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-libnotify-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-lirc
not-installed"gmpc-lirc
not-installed"gmpc-lirc-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-lirc-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-lyrics
not-installed"gmpc-lyrics
not-installed"gmpc-lyrics-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-lyrics-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-lyricsplugin
not-installed"gmpc-lyricsplugin
not-installed"gmpc-lyricsplugin-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-lyricsplugin-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-lyricwiki
not-installed"gmpc-lyricwiki
not-installed"gmpc-lyricwiki-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-lyricwiki-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-magnatune
not-installed"gmpc-magnatune-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-mdcover
not-installed"gmpc-mdcover
not-installed"gmpc-mdcover-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-mdcover-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-mmkeys
not-installed"gmpc-mmkeys
not-installed"gmpc-mmkeys-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-mmkeys-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-mserver
not-installed"gmpc-mserver
not-installed"gmpc-mserver-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-mserver-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-notify-osd
not-installed"gmpc-notify-osd
not-installed"gmpc-notify-osd-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-notify-osd-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-playlistsort
not-installed"gmpc-playlistsort
not-installed"gmpc-playlistsort-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-playlistsort-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-plugins
not-installed"gmpc-plugins-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-shout
not-installed"gmpc-shout
not-installed"gmpc-shout-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-shout-debugsource
not-installed"gmpc-tagedit
not-installed"gmpc-tagedit-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-wikipedia
not-installed"gmpc-wikipedia
not-installed"gmpc-wikipedia-debuginfo
not-installed"gmpc-wikipedia-debugsource
not-installed"gmplayer
not-installed"gmusicbrowser
not-installed"gmusicbrowser
not-installed"gmusicbrowser-lang
not-installed"gnac
not-installed"gnac-lang
not-installed"gnaural
not-installed"gnaural
not-installed"gnaural-debuginfo
not-installed"gnaural-debugsource
not-installed"gnet
not-installed"gnet-devel
not-installed"gnet-doc
not-installed"gnokii
not-installed"gnokii-devel
not-installed"gnokii-lang
not-installed"gnokii-smsd
not-installed"gnome
not-installed"gnome-2048
not-installed"gnome-2048-lang
not-installed"gnome-activity-journal
not-installed"gnome-activity-journal-lang
not-installed"gnome-autoar
not-installed"gnome-autoar-devel
not-installed"gnome-backgrounds
not-installed"gnome-backgrounds-lang
not-installed"gnome-bluetooth
not-installed"gnome-bluetooth-devel
not-installed"gnome-bluetooth-lang
not-installed"gnome-bluetooth-plugin-phone-manager
not-installed"gnome-books
not-installed"gnome-boxes
not-installed"gnome-boxes-lang
not-installed"gnome-break-timer
not-installed"gnome-break-timer-lang
not-installed"gnome-btdownload
not-installed"gnome-btdownload
not-installed"gnome-builder
not-installed"gnome-builder-lang
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-clang
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-ctags
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-devhelp
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-fpaste
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-gettext
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-gnome-code-assistance
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-html-completion
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-jedi
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-jhbuild
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-mingw
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-symbol-tree
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-sysmon
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-todo
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-vala-pack
not-installed"gnome-builder-plugin-xml-pack
not-installed"gnome-calculator
not-installed"gnome-calculator-lang
not-installed"gnome-calendar
not-installed"gnome-calendar-lang
not-installed"gnome-characters
not-installed"gnome-characters-lang
not-installed"gnome-chess
not-installed"gnome-chess-lang
not-installed"gnome-clocks
not-installed"gnome-clocks-lang
not-installed"gnome-code-assistance
not-installed"gnome-color-chooser
not-installed"gnome-color-chooser-lang
not-installed"gnome-color-manager
not-installed"gnome-color-manager-lang
not-installed"gnome-colors-icon-theme
not-installed"gnome-commander
not-installed"gnome-commander-lang
not-installed"gnome-common
not-installed"gnome-contacts
not-installed"gnome-contacts-lang
not-installed"gnome-control-center
not-installed"gnome-control-center-color
not-installed"gnome-control-center-devel
not-installed"gnome-control-center-goa
not-installed"gnome-control-center-lang
not-installed"gnome-control-center-user-faces
not-installed"gnome-desktop
installed"gnome-desktop-lang
not-installed"gnome-desktop-sharp2
not-installed"gnome-desktop-sharp2-devel
not-installed"gnome-desktop2
not-installed"gnome-desktop2-lang
not-installed"gnome-devel-docs
not-installed"gnome-devel-docs-lang
not-installed"gnome-dictionary
not-installed"gnome-dictionary-lang
not-installed"gnome-directory-thumbnailer
not-installed"gnome-directory-thumbnailer-lang
not-installed"gnome-disk-utility
not-installed"gnome-disk-utility-lang
not-installed"gnome-doc-utils
not-installed"gnome-doc-utils-devel
not-installed"gnome-doc-utils-lang
not-installed"gnome-documents
not-installed"gnome-documents
not-installed"gnome-documents-lang
not-installed"gnome-documents_books-common
not-installed"gnome-dvb-daemon
not-installed"gnome-dvb-daemon-lang
not-installed"gnome-epub-thumbnailer
not-installed"gnome-font-viewer
not-installed"gnome-font-viewer-lang
not-installed"gnome-games
not-installed"gnome-games-extra-data
not-installed"gnome-games-recommended
not-installed"gnome-games-scripts
not-installed"gnome-genius
not-installed"gnome-getting-started-docs
not-installed"gnome-getting-started-docs-lang
not-installed"gnome-gmail
not-installed"gnome-gmail-lang
not-installed"gnome-gmail-notifier
not-installed"gnome-gmail-notifier-lang
installed"gnome-icon-theme
installed"gnome-icon-theme-extras
installed"gnome-icon-theme-symbolic
not-installed"gnome-initial-setup
not-installed"gnome-initial-setup-lang
not-installed"gnome-js-common
installed"gnome-keyring
not-installed"gnome-keyring
installed"gnome-keyring-32bit
installed"gnome-keyring-lang
installed"gnome-keyring-pam
installed"gnome-keyring-pam-32bit
not-installed"gnome-keyring-sharp
not-installed"gnome-keyring-sharp-devel
not-installed"gnome-keysign
not-installed"gnome-klotski
not-installed"gnome-klotski-lang
not-installed"gnome-logs
not-installed"gnome-logs-lang
not-installed"gnome-mahjongg
not-installed"gnome-mahjongg-lang
not-installed"gnome-maps
not-installed"gnome-maps-lang
not-installed"gnome-menus
not-installed"gnome-menus-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gnome-menus-branding-upstream
not-installed"gnome-menus-devel
not-installed"gnome-menus-lang
not-installed"gnome-mime-data
not-installed"gnome-mines
not-installed"gnome-mines-lang
not-installed"gnome-mpv
not-installed"gnome-mpv-lang
not-installed"gnome-multi-writer
not-installed"gnome-multi-writer-lang
not-installed"gnome-music
not-installed"gnome-music-lang
not-installed"gnome-nettool
not-installed"gnome-nettool-lang
not-installed"gnome-nibbles
not-installed"gnome-nibbles-lang
installed"gnome-online-accounts
not-installed"gnome-online-accounts-devel
installed"gnome-online-accounts-lang
not-installed"gnome-online-miners
not-installed"gnome-packagekit
not-installed"gnome-packagekit
not-installed"gnome-packagekit-extras
not-installed"gnome-packagekit-lang
not-installed"gnome-patch-translation
not-installed"gnome-phone-manager
not-installed"gnome-phone-manager-lang
not-installed"gnome-photos
not-installed"gnome-photos-lang
not-installed"gnome-pie
not-installed"gnome-pomodoro
not-installed"gnome-pomodoro-lang
not-installed"gnome-power-manager
not-installed"gnome-power-manager-lang
not-installed"gnome-print-sharp
not-installed"gnome-python-desktop
not-installed"gnome-python-desktop-devel
not-installed"gnome-robots
not-installed"gnome-robots-lang
not-installed"gnome-schedule
not-installed"gnome-schedule-lang
not-installed"gnome-screenshot
not-installed"gnome-screenshot-lang
not-installed"gnome-search-tool
not-installed"gnome-search-tool-lang
not-installed"gnome-session
not-installed"gnome-session-core
not-installed"gnome-session-default-session
not-installed"gnome-session-lang
not-installed"gnome-settings-daemon
not-installed"gnome-settings-daemon
not-installed"gnome-settings-daemon-devel
not-installed"gnome-settings-daemon-lang
not-installed"gnome-sharp2
not-installed"gnome-sharp2-complete
not-installed"gnome-shell
not-installed"gnome-shell
not-installed"gnome-shell-browser-plugin
not-installed"gnome-shell-calendar
not-installed"gnome-shell-classic
not-installed"gnome-shell-devel
not-installed"gnome-shell-extension-gpaste
not-installed"gnome-shell-extensions-common
not-installed"gnome-shell-extensions-common-lang
not-installed"gnome-shell-lang
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-bijiben
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-boxes
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-contacts
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-documents
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-epiphany
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-calculator
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-calendar
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-characters
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-clocks
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-photos
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-terminal
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-weather
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-gnote
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-nautilus
not-installed"gnome-shell-search-provider-seahorse
not-installed"gnome-software
not-installed"gnome-software-lang
not-installed"gnome-sound-recorder
not-installed"gnome-sound-recorder-lang
not-installed"gnome-subtitles
not-installed"gnome-subtitles-lang
not-installed"gnome-sudoku
not-installed"gnome-sudoku-lang
not-installed"gnome-system-monitor
not-installed"gnome-system-monitor-lang
not-installed"gnome-taquin
not-installed"gnome-taquin-lang
not-installed"gnome-terminal
not-installed"gnome-terminal-lang
not-installed"gnome-tetravex
not-installed"gnome-tetravex-lang
not-installed"gnome-themes
not-installed"gnome-themes-accessibility
not-installed"gnome-themes-accessibility-gtk2
not-installed"gnome-themes-extras
not-installed"gnome-themes-lang
not-installed"gnome-todo
not-installed"gnome-todo-devel
not-installed"gnome-todo-lang
not-installed"gnome-tweak-tool
not-installed"gnome-tweak-tool-lang
not-installed"gnome-user-docs
not-installed"gnome-user-docs-lang
not-installed"gnome-user-share
not-installed"gnome-user-share-lang
not-installed"gnome-version
not-installed"gnome-vfs-monikers
not-installed"gnome-vfs-sharp2
installed"gnome-vfs2
not-installed"gnome-vfs2-32bit
not-installed"gnome-vfs2-devel
not-installed"gnome-vfs2-doc
installed"gnome-vfs2-lang
not-installed"gnome-video-arcade
not-installed"gnome-video-arcade
not-installed"gnome-video-arcade-debuginfo
not-installed"gnome-video-arcade-debugsource
not-installed"gnome-video-arcade-lang
not-installed"gnome-video-effects
not-installed"gnome-video-effects-devel
not-installed"gnome-weather
not-installed"gnome-weather-lang
not-installed"gnome-web-photo
not-installed"gnome-web-photo-lang
not-installed"gnome_basis
not-installed"gnote
not-installed"gnote-lang
not-installed"gns3
not-installed"gns3-net-converter
not-installed"gns3-server
not-installed"gnu-compilers-hpc
not-installed"gnu-compilers-hpc
not-installed"gnu-compilers-hpc-devel
not-installed"gnu-compilers-hpc-macros-devel
not-installed"gnu-crypto
not-installed"gnu-efi
not-installed"gnu-free-fonts
not-installed"gnu-getopt
not-installed"gnu-getopt-javadoc
not-installed"gnu-inetlib
not-installed"gnu-jaf
not-installed"gnu-netcat
not-installed"gnu-regexp
not-installed"gnu-regexp-demo
not-installed"gnu-regexp-javadoc
installed"gnu-unifont-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"gnu-unifont-legacy-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"gnu_ddrescue
not-installed"gnu_parallel
not-installed"gnu_parallel-doc
not-installed"gnubg
not-installed"gnubg-databases
not-installed"gnubg-doc
not-installed"gnubg-lang
not-installed"gnubg-sounds
not-installed"gnucap
not-installed"gnucash
not-installed"gnucash-devel
not-installed"gnucash-docs
not-installed"gnucash-lang
not-installed"gnuchess
not-installed"gnugk
not-installed"gnugo
not-installed"gnuhealth
not-installed"gnuhealth
not-installed"gnuhealth-client
not-installed"gnuhealth-client
not-installed"gnumeric
not-installed"gnumeric-devel
not-installed"gnumeric-lang
not-installed"gnump3d
not-installed"gnunet
not-installed"gnunet
not-installed"gnunet-debuginfo
not-installed"gnunet-debugsource
not-installed"gnunet-devel
not-installed"gnunet-lang
not-installed"gnunet-mysql
not-installed"gnunet-mysql-debuginfo
not-installed"gnunet-plugins
not-installed"gnunet-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"gnunet-postgresql
not-installed"gnunet-postgresql-debuginfo
not-installed"gnunet-sqlite
not-installed"gnunet-sqlite-debuginfo
not-installed"gnuplot
not-installed"gnuplot-doc
not-installed"gnuradio
not-installed"gnuradio-devel
not-installed"gnuradio-doc
not-installed"gnuradio-examples
not-installed"gnuradio-examples-wxgui
not-installed"gnuradio-wxgui
not-installed"gnuserv
not-installed"gnusocialshell
not-installed"gnustep-base
not-installed"gnustep-base
not-installed"gnustep-base-devel
not-installed"gnustep-make
not-installed"gnutls
not-installed"go
not-installed"go
not-installed"go-doc
not-installed"go-for-it
not-installed"go-for-it-lang
not-installed"go-mango-doc
not-installed"go-md2man
not-installed"go-race
not-installed"go-tools
not-installed"go1.7
not-installed"go1.7
not-installed"go1.7-doc
not-installed"go1.7-race
not-installed"go1.8
not-installed"go1.8
not-installed"go1.8-doc
not-installed"go1.8-race
not-installed"go1.9
not-installed"go1.9
not-installed"go1.9-doc
not-installed"go1.9-race
not-installed"goatattack
not-installed"goatattack-data
not-installed"gob2
not-installed"gobby
not-installed"gobby-lang
not-installed"gobject-introspection
not-installed"gobject-introspection-devel
not-installed"gocr
not-installed"gocr-gui
not-installed"goffice-0_8-devel
not-installed"goffice-0_8-lang
not-installed"goffice-devel
not-installed"goffice-lang
not-installed"gogglesmm
not-installed"gogglesmm
not-installed"gogglesmm-lang
not-installed"golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian
not-installed"golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian
not-installed"golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian-source
not-installed"golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man
not-installed"golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man
not-installed"golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man-source
not-installed"golang-github-dchest-authcookie
not-installed"golang-github-dchest-authcookie
not-installed"golang-github-dchest-authcookie-source
not-installed"golang-github-docker-libnetwork
not-installed"golang-github-docker-libnetwork
not-installed"golang-github-exercism-cli
not-installed"golang-github-exercism-cli
not-installed"golang-github-exercism-cli-source
not-installed"golang-github-fitstar-falcore
not-installed"golang-github-fitstar-falcore
not-installed"golang-github-fitstar-falcore-source
not-installed"golang-github-golang-geo
not-installed"golang-github-golang-geo
not-installed"golang-github-golang-glog
not-installed"golang-github-golang-glog
not-installed"golang-github-golang-glog-source
not-installed"golang-github-golang-protobuf
not-installed"golang-github-golang-protobuf
not-installed"golang-github-gorilla-context
not-installed"golang-github-gorilla-context
not-installed"golang-github-gorilla-context-source
not-installed"golang-github-gorilla-websocket
not-installed"golang-github-gorilla-websocket
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-httplib
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-httplib
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-httplib-source
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-mustache
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-mustache
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-mustache-source
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-web
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-web
not-installed"golang-github-hoisie-web-source
not-installed"golang-github-jpoirier-cpu
not-installed"golang-github-jpoirier-cpu
not-installed"golang-github-jpoirier-cpu-source
not-installed"golang-github-kr-pty
not-installed"golang-github-kr-pty
not-installed"golang-github-kr-pty-source
not-installed"golang-github-kr-text
not-installed"golang-github-kr-text
not-installed"golang-github-kr-text-source
not-installed"golang-github-petar-gollrb
not-installed"golang-github-petar-gollrb
not-installed"golang-github-petar-gollrb-source
not-installed"golang-github-philio-gomysql
not-installed"golang-github-philio-gomysql
not-installed"golang-github-philio-gomysql-source
not-installed"golang-github-russross-blackfriday
not-installed"golang-github-russross-blackfriday
not-installed"golang-github-russross-blackfriday-source
not-installed"golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name
not-installed"golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name
not-installed"golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name-source
not-installed"golang-google-golangorg-api
not-installed"golang-google-golangorg-api-source
not-installed"golang-google-golangorg-appengine
not-installed"golang-google-golangorg-appengine
not-installed"golang-google-golangorg-appengine-source
not-installed"golang-google-golangorg-cloud
not-installed"golang-google-golangorg-cloud-source
not-installed"golang-googlecode-couch-go
not-installed"golang-googlecode-couch-go
not-installed"golang-googlecode-couch-go-source
not-installed"golang-googlecode-freetype-go
not-installed"golang-googlecode-freetype-go
not-installed"golang-googlecode-go-gb
not-installed"golang-googlecode-goconf
not-installed"golang-googlecode-goconf
not-installed"golang-googlecode-goconf-source
not-installed"golang-googlecode-mango-doc
not-installed"golang-googlecode-mango-doc
not-installed"golang-gopkgin-check
not-installed"golang-gopkgin-check
not-installed"golang-gopkgin-check-source
not-installed"golang-org-x-crypto
not-installed"golang-org-x-crypto
not-installed"golang-org-x-debug
not-installed"golang-org-x-debug
not-installed"golang-org-x-debug-debugproxy
not-installed"golang-org-x-image
not-installed"golang-org-x-image
not-installed"golang-org-x-image-source
not-installed"golang-org-x-net
not-installed"golang-org-x-net
not-installed"golang-org-x-net-context
not-installed"golang-org-x-net-context
not-installed"golang-org-x-net-html
not-installed"golang-org-x-net-html
not-installed"golang-org-x-net-source
not-installed"golang-org-x-net-websocket
not-installed"golang-org-x-net-websocket
not-installed"golang-org-x-oauth2
not-installed"golang-org-x-oauth2-source
not-installed"golang-org-x-sync
not-installed"golang-org-x-sync
not-installed"golang-org-x-sys
not-installed"golang-org-x-sys
not-installed"golang-org-x-sys-source
not-installed"golang-org-x-text
not-installed"golang-org-x-text
not-installed"golang-org-x-text-source
not-installed"golang-org-x-time-rate
not-installed"golang-org-x-time-rate
not-installed"golang-org-x-tools
not-installed"golang-org-x-tools
not-installed"golang-org-x-tools-source
not-installed"golang-packaging
not-installed"golang-packaging
not-installed"goldendict
not-installed"gom-devel
not-installed"gom-lang
not-installed"gonvert
not-installed"goobox
not-installed"goobox-lang
not-installed"goocanvas-devel
not-installed"goocanvas-lang
not-installed"google-alegreya-fonts
not-installed"google-allerta-fonts
not-installed"google-anonymouspro-fonts
not-installed"google-arimo-fonts
not-installed"google-authenticator-libpam
not-installed"google-authenticator-libpam-32bit
not-installed"google-cabin-fonts
not-installed"google-caladea-fonts
not-installed"google-cardo-fonts
installed"google-carlito-fonts
not-installed"google-chrome-beta
installed"google-chrome-stable
not-installed"google-chrome-unstable
not-installed"google-cloud-sdk
not-installed"google-cloud-sdk
not-installed"google-cloud-sdk-doc
not-installed"google-cousine-fonts
not-installed"google-croscore-fonts
not-installed"google-daemon
installed"google-droid-fonts
not-installed"google-exo-fonts
not-installed"google-inconsolata-fonts
not-installed"google-lekton-fonts
not-installed"google-merriweather-fonts
not-installed"google-nobile-fonts
installed"google-noto-fonts-doc
installed"google-opensans-fonts
installed"google-play-music-desktop-player
installed"google-roboto-fonts
not-installed"google-roboto-mono-fonts
not-installed"google-startup-scripts
not-installed"google-symbolneu-fonts
not-installed"google-tinos-fonts
not-installed"googletest-devel
not-installed"gos-wallpapers
not-installed"gostcrypt
not-installed"gostcrypt
not-installed"gotext
not-installed"gource
not-installed"gourmet
not-installed"gourmet-lang
not-installed"govpn
not-installed"govpn-server
not-installed"gp2c
not-installed"gpa
not-installed"gpa-lang
not-installed"gpac
not-installed"gpac
not-installed"gpac-debuginfo
not-installed"gpac-debugsource
installed"gpart
not-installed"gparted
not-installed"gparted-lang
not-installed"gpaste
not-installed"gpaste-devel
not-installed"gpaste-lang
installed"gperf
not-installed"gperftools
not-installed"gperftools-devel
not-installed"gperiodic
not-installed"gperiodic-lang
not-installed"gpg-offline
installed"gpg2
installed"gpg2-lang
not-installed"gpgme
not-installed"gpgmepp5
not-installed"gpgmepp5-32bit
not-installed"gpgmepp5-devel
not-installed"gpgmepp5-devel-32bit
not-installed"gphoto
not-installed"gphotofs
not-installed"gpick
not-installed"gpick-lang
not-installed"gpicview
not-installed"gpicview-lang
installed"gpm
not-installed"gpm-32bit
not-installed"gpm-devel
not-installed"gpodder
not-installed"gpodder
not-installed"gpodder3
not-installed"gpodder3
not-installed"gpomme
not-installed"gpredict
not-installed"gpredict-lang
not-installed"gprename
not-installed"gprename-lang
not-installed"gpresagemate
not-installed"gprompter
not-installed"gpsbabel
not-installed"gpsd
not-installed"gpsd-clients
not-installed"gpsd-devel
installed"gptfdisk
not-installed"gptfdisk-fixparts
not-installed"gpusd
not-installed"gpusd-devel
not-installed"gpusd-doc
not-installed"gputils
not-installed"gputils-doc
not-installed"gpxsee
not-installed"gq
not-installed"grabpng
not-installed"gradio
not-installed"gradio-lang
not-installed"gradle-open-api
not-installed"grail
not-installed"grail-devel
not-installed"gramofile
not-installed"gramps
not-installed"gramps-lang
not-installed"granatier
not-installed"granatier-lang
not-installed"granite-common
not-installed"granite-demo
not-installed"granite-devel
not-installed"grantlee-devel
not-installed"grantlee-editor
not-installed"grantlee-editor-lang
installed"grantlee5
not-installed"grantlee5-32bit
not-installed"grantlee5-devel
not-installed"grantlee5-devel-32bit
installed"grantleetheme
not-installed"grantleetheme-devel
installed"grantleetheme-lang
not-installed"graphite2
installed"graphite2-devel
installed"graphviz
not-installed"graphviz
not-installed"graphviz-devel
not-installed"graphviz-doc
installed"graphviz-gd
installed"graphviz-gnome
not-installed"graphviz-guile
not-installed"graphviz-gvedit
not-installed"graphviz-gvedit
not-installed"graphviz-java
not-installed"graphviz-lua
not-installed"graphviz-perl
not-installed"graphviz-php
not-installed"graphviz-plugins
not-installed"graphviz-python
not-installed"graphviz-ruby
not-installed"graphviz-smyrna
not-installed"graphviz-smyrna
not-installed"graphviz-tcl
not-installed"grc
not-installed"greenbone-security-assistant
installed"grep
not-installed"grfcodec
not-installed"gri
not-installed"grilo-devel
not-installed"grilo-lang
not-installed"grilo-plugin-dleyna
not-installed"grilo-plugin-tracker
not-installed"grilo-plugin-youtube
not-installed"grilo-plugins
not-installed"grilo-plugins-lang
not-installed"grilo-tools
not-installed"grip
not-installed"grip
not-installed"grip-debuginfo
not-installed"grip-debugsource
not-installed"grip-lang
installed"groff
not-installed"groff-doc
installed"groff-full
not-installed"gromacs
not-installed"gromacs-bash
not-installed"gromacs-devel
not-installed"gromacs-doc
not-installed"gromacs-openmpi
not-installed"gromit
not-installed"groove
not-installed"groove-debugsource
not-installed"growpart
not-installed"grsync
not-installed"grsync-lang
not-installed"grub
installed"grub2
not-installed"grub2
installed"grub2-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"grub2-branding-upstream
installed"grub2-i386-pc
installed"grub2-snapper-plugin
installed"grub2-systemd-sleep-plugin
not-installed"grub2-theme-breeze
installed"grub2-x86_64-efi
not-installed"grub2-x86_64-xen
not-installed"grubby
installed"gsettings-backend-dconf
not-installed"gsettings-backend-dconf-32bit
installed"gsettings-desktop-schemas
not-installed"gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel
installed"gsettings-desktop-schemas-lang
not-installed"gsf-office-thumbnailer
not-installed"gsignond
not-installed"gsignond-devel
not-installed"gsignond-doc
not-installed"gsignond-plugin-oauth
installed"gsl
not-installed"gsl-devel
not-installed"gsmartcontrol
not-installed"gsoap
not-installed"gsoap-devel
not-installed"gsoap-doc
not-installed"gsound
not-installed"gsound-devel
not-installed"gspell-devel
not-installed"gspell-lang
not-installed"gssdp-utils
not-installed"gst-rtsp-server-devel
not-installed"gst123
not-installed"gst123
not-installed"gst123-debuginfo
not-installed"gst123-debugsource
installed"gstreamer
not-installed"gstreamer
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-fluendo-mp3
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-lang
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugin-gnomevfs
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugin-gnomevfs-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-lang
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-lang
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-farstream-0_1
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-farstream-0_1-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-lang
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-lang
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-utils
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-utils-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-utils-unversioned
not-installed"gstreamer-0_10-utils-unversioned-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-1_0-plugins-buzztrax
not-installed"gstreamer-1_0-plugins-buzztrax-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-editing-services
not-installed"gstreamer-editing-services-devel
installed"gstreamer-fluendo-mp3
installed"gstreamer-lang
installed"gstreamer-libnice
not-installed"gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin
not-installed"gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-plugin-gstclutter
installed"gstreamer-plugin-gstclutter-3_0
not-installed"gstreamer-plugin-python
installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-doc
installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-lang
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit
installed"gstreamer-plugins-base
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-devel-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-doc
installed"gstreamer-plugins-base-lang
installed"gstreamer-plugins-cogl
installed"gstreamer-plugins-farstream
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-farstream-32bit
installed"gstreamer-plugins-good
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-extra
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo-32bit
installed"gstreamer-plugins-good-lang
installed"gstreamer-plugins-libav
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-libav
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-libav-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-libav-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-libav-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-libav-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-qt
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-qt-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-qt5
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-qt5-devel
installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-doc
installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-lang
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-vaapi
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-vaapi
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-debugsource
not-installed"gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-doc
not-installed"gstreamer-transcoder
not-installed"gstreamer-transcoder-devel
not-installed"gstreamer-utils
not-installed"gstreamer-utils-debuginfo
not-installed"gstreamer-validate
not-installed"gstreamer-validate-devel
not-installed"gsynaptics
not-installed"gsynaptics-lang
not-installed"gtg
not-installed"gtg-lang
not-installed"gthumb
not-installed"gthumb-devel
not-installed"gthumb-lang
not-installed"gtick
not-installed"gtick-lang
not-installed"gtk-chtheme
not-installed"gtk-chtheme
not-installed"gtk-chtheme-debuginfo
not-installed"gtk-chtheme-debugsource
not-installed"gtk-doc
not-installed"gtk-doc-lang
not-installed"gtk-gnutella
not-installed"gtk-gnutella
not-installed"gtk-gnutella-debuginfo
not-installed"gtk-gnutella-debugsource
not-installed"gtk-key-theme-ctrluftw
not-installed"gtk-recordMyDesktop
not-installed"gtk-recordMyDesktop-lang
not-installed"gtk-sharp-beans
not-installed"gtk-sharp-beans-devel
installed"gtk-sharp2
not-installed"gtk-sharp2-complete
not-installed"gtk-sharp2-doc
not-installed"gtk-sharp2-gapi
not-installed"gtk-sharp3
not-installed"gtk-sharp3-complete
not-installed"gtk-sharp3-devel
not-installed"gtk-sharp3-doc
not-installed"gtk-sharp3-gapi
not-installed"gtk-sharp3-gapi-devel
not-installed"gtk-vector-screenshot
not-installed"gtk-vector-screenshot
not-installed"gtk-vector-screenshot-debuginfo
not-installed"gtk-vector-screenshot-debugsource
not-installed"gtk-vnc-devel
not-installed"gtk-vnc-lang
not-installed"gtk-vnc-tools
not-installed"gtk-vnc2-devel
not-installed"gtk-xfce-engine
not-installed"gtk-xfce-engine-32bit
installed"gtk2-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gtk2-branding-upstream
installed"gtk2-data
installed"gtk2-devel
not-installed"gtk2-devel-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-aurora
not-installed"gtk2-engine-cleanice
not-installed"gtk2-engine-cleanice-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-clearlooks
not-installed"gtk2-engine-clearlooks-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-crux
not-installed"gtk2-engine-crux-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-equinox
not-installed"gtk2-engine-glide
not-installed"gtk2-engine-glide-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-hcengine
not-installed"gtk2-engine-industrial
not-installed"gtk2-engine-industrial-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-mist
not-installed"gtk2-engine-mist-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-murrine
not-installed"gtk2-engine-murrine-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-nimbus
not-installed"gtk2-engine-nimbus-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-oxygen
installed"gtk2-engine-oxygen-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-redmond95
not-installed"gtk2-engine-redmond95-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engine-thinice
not-installed"gtk2-engine-thinice-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-engines
not-installed"gtk2-engines-devel
installed"gtk2-immodule-amharic
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-amharic-32bit
installed"gtk2-immodule-inuktitut
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-inuktitut-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-multipress
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-multipress-32bit
installed"gtk2-immodule-thai
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-thai-32bit
installed"gtk2-immodule-vietnamese
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-vietnamese-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-xim
not-installed"gtk2-immodule-xim-32bit
not-installed"gtk2-immodules-tigrigna
not-installed"gtk2-immodules-tigrigna-32bit
installed"gtk2-lang
installed"gtk2-metatheme-adwaita
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-ambiance
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-ambiant-mate
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-arc
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-bluebird
installed"gtk2-metatheme-breeze
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-elementary
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-equinox
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-gilouche
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-greybird
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-industrial
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-nimbus
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-numix
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-paper
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-radiance
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-radiant-mate
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-sonar
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-vertex
not-installed"gtk2-metatheme-yuyo
not-installed"gtk2-theme-clearlooks
not-installed"gtk2-theme-crux
not-installed"gtk2-theme-industrial
not-installed"gtk2-theme-mist
not-installed"gtk2-theme-oxygen
not-installed"gtk2-theme-redmond95
not-installed"gtk2-theme-thinice
not-installed"gtk2-themes
installed"gtk2-theming-engine-adwaita
not-installed"gtk2-theming-engine-adwaita-32bit
installed"gtk2-tools
installed"gtk2-tools-32bit
not-installed"gtk2hs-buildtools
not-installed"gtk3
installed"gtk3-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"gtk3-branding-upstream
installed"gtk3-data
not-installed"gtk3-devel
not-installed"gtk3-devel-32bit
not-installed"gtk3-engine-unico
installed"gtk3-immodule-amharic
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-amharic-32bit
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-broadway
installed"gtk3-immodule-inuktitut
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-inuktitut-32bit
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-multipress
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-multipress-32bit
installed"gtk3-immodule-thai
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-thai-32bit
installed"gtk3-immodule-vietnamese
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-vietnamese-32bit
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-xim
not-installed"gtk3-immodule-xim-32bit
not-installed"gtk3-immodules-tigrigna
not-installed"gtk3-immodules-tigrigna-32bit
installed"gtk3-lang
installed"gtk3-metatheme-adwaita
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-ambiance
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-ambiant-mate
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-arc
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-bluebird
installed"gtk3-metatheme-breeze
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-elementary
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-greybird
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-numix
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-paper
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-radiance
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-radiant-mate
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-vertex
not-installed"gtk3-metatheme-yuyo
installed"gtk3-tools
not-installed"gtk3-tools-32bit
not-installed"gtkam
not-installed"gtkam-doc
not-installed"gtkam-lang
not-installed"gtkglext-devel
not-installed"gtkglext-doc
not-installed"gtkhtml-4_0-lang
not-installed"gtkhtml-devel
not-installed"gtkimageview-devel
not-installed"gtkiterm
not-installed"gtkmm2-devel
not-installed"gtkmm2-tutorial
not-installed"gtkmm2-tutorial-lang
not-installed"gtkmm3-devel
not-installed"gtkmm3-doc
not-installed"gtkmm3-tutorial
not-installed"gtkmm3-tutorial-lang
not-installed"gtkparasite
not-installed"gtkpod
not-installed"gtkpod-devel
not-installed"gtkpod-lang
not-installed"gtksourceview-devel
installed"gtksourceview-lang
not-installed"gtksourceview18
not-installed"gtksourceview18-devel
not-installed"gtksourceview18-doc
not-installed"gtksourceview2-devel
not-installed"gtksourceview2-lang
not-installed"gtksourceview2-sharp
not-installed"gtksourceviewmm-devel
not-installed"gtkspell-devel
not-installed"gtkspell-doc
installed"gtkspell-lang
not-installed"gtkspell3-devel
not-installed"gtkspell3-lang
not-installed"gtkwave
not-installed"gtkwave-doc
not-installed"gtkwave-examples
not-installed"gtranslator
not-installed"gtranslator-devel
not-installed"gtranslator-lang
not-installed"gts
not-installed"gts-devel
not-installed"gtypist
not-installed"gtypist-lang
not-installed"guake
not-installed"guake-lang
not-installed"guayadeque
not-installed"guayadeque
not-installed"guayadeque-debuginfo
not-installed"guayadeque-debugsource
not-installed"gucharmap
not-installed"gucharmap-devel
not-installed"gucharmap-lang
not-installed"gudev-sharp
not-installed"gudev-sharp-devel
not-installed"guestfs-data
not-installed"guestfs-tools
not-installed"guestfsd
not-installed"gufw
not-installed"gufw-lang
not-installed"guile
not-installed"guile-devel
not-installed"guile-json
installed"guile-modules-2_0
not-installed"guile1
not-installed"guilt
not-installed"guimup
not-installed"guimup
not-installed"guimup-debuginfo
not-installed"guimup-debugsource
not-installed"guitarix
not-installed"gummi
not-installed"gummi-lang
not-installed"gup
not-installed"gupnp-av
not-installed"gupnp-dlna-tools
not-installed"gupnp-tools
not-installed"gupnp-tools-lang
not-installed"gurlchecker
not-installed"gurlchecker-doc
not-installed"gurlchecker-lang
installed"gutenprint
not-installed"gutenprint-devel
not-installed"gutenprint-gimpplugin
not-installed"guvcview
not-installed"guvcview
not-installed"guvcview-debuginfo
not-installed"guvcview-debugsource
not-installed"guvcview-devel
not-installed"guvcview-lang
not-installed"gv
installed"gvfs
not-installed"gvfs-32bit
installed"gvfs-backend-afc
installed"gvfs-backend-samba
installed"gvfs-backends
not-installed"gvfs-devel
installed"gvfs-fuse
installed"gvfs-lang
not-installed"gvim
not-installed"gwenhywfar
not-installed"gwenhywfar-devel
not-installed"gwenhywfar-lang
not-installed"gwenhywfar-tools
installed"gwenview5
installed"gwenview5-lang
not-installed"gwget
not-installed"gwget-lang
installed"gxditview
not-installed"gxine
not-installed"gxine
not-installed"gxine-browser-plugin
not-installed"gxine-browser-plugin-debuginfo
not-installed"gxine-debuginfo
not-installed"gxine-debugsource
not-installed"gxine-lang
not-installed"gyachi
not-installed"gyachi
not-installed"gyachi-debuginfo
not-installed"gyachi-debugsource
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-alsa
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-alsa-debuginfo
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-blowfish
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-blowfish-debuginfo
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-gpgme
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-gpgme-debuginfo
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-gtkspell
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-gtkspell-debuginfo
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-libnotify
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-libnotify-debuginfo
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-mcrypt
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-mcrypt-debuginfo
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-pulseaudio
not-installed"gyachi-plugin-pulseaudio-debuginfo
not-installed"gyp
not-installed"gypsy
not-installed"gzdoom
not-installed"gzdoom
installed"gzip
not-installed"gzip
not-installed"gzrt
not-installed"h264enc
not-installed"h264enc
not-installed"h2i
not-installed"h323plus-devel
not-installed"ha-cluster-bootstrap
installed"hack-fonts
not-installed"hackbench
not-installed"hamcrest
not-installed"hamcrest-demo
not-installed"hamcrest-javadoc
not-installed"hamster-time-tracker
not-installed"hamster-time-tracker-lang
not-installed"handbrake
not-installed"handbrake-cli
not-installed"handbrake-cli-debuginfo
not-installed"handbrake-debugsource
not-installed"handbrake-gtk
not-installed"handbrake-gtk-debuginfo
not-installed"handbrake-gtk-lang
not-installed"handedict
not-installed"happy
not-installed"haproxy
not-installed"hardinfo
installed"hardlink
installed"harfbuzz-devel
not-installed"harfbuzz-tools
not-installed"harminv
not-installed"harminv-devel
not-installed"hartke-aurulentsans-fonts
not-installed"haserl
not-installed"hashalot
not-installed"hashcat
not-installed"hashdeep
not-installed"haskell_platform
installed"haveged
not-installed"haveged-devel
not-installed"hawk2
not-installed"hawk2
not-installed"haxe
not-installed"hbci4java
not-installed"hbci4java-javadoc
not-installed"hcode
not-installed"hda-verb
not-installed"hdajackretask
not-installed"hdajacksensetest
not-installed"hddtemp
not-installed"hddtemp
not-installed"hddtemp-debuginfo
not-installed"hddtemp-debugsource
not-installed"hdevtools
not-installed"hdf
not-installed"hdf-devel
not-installed"hdf-devel-data
not-installed"hdf-devel-static
not-installed"hdf-openmpi
not-installed"hdf-openmpi-devel
not-installed"hdf-openmpi-devel-static
not-installed"hdf5
not-installed"hdf5-devel
not-installed"hdf5-devel-32bit
not-installed"hdf5-devel-data
not-installed"hdf5-devel-static
not-installed"hdf5-examples
not-installed"hdf5-openmpi
not-installed"hdf5-openmpi-devel
not-installed"hdf5-openmpi-devel-32bit
not-installed"hdf5-openmpi-devel-static
not-installed"hdhomerun-config
not-installed"hdhomerun-config-debuginfo
not-installed"hdhomerun_config
not-installed"hdhomerun_config_gui
not-installed"hdjmod
not-installed"hdjmod-kmp-default
installed"hdparm
not-installed"hdspconf
not-installed"hdsploader
not-installed"hdspmixer
not-installed"headmore
not-installed"health-check
not-installed"heaptrack
not-installed"heaptrack-devel
not-installed"heaptrack-gui
not-installed"heaptrack-lang
not-installed"heldenviewer
not-installed"heldenviewer
not-installed"heldenviewer-debuginfo
not-installed"hello
not-installed"help2man
not-installed"hercules
not-installed"herqq-devel
not-installed"hex
not-installed"hex2bin
not-installed"hexchat
not-installed"hexchat-devel
not-installed"hexchat-lang
not-installed"hexchat-plugins-perl
not-installed"hexchat-plugins-python3
not-installed"hexen2
not-installed"hexen2
not-installed"hexen2-debuginfo
not-installed"hexen2-debugsource
not-installed"hexenworld
not-installed"hexenworld-debuginfo
not-installed"hexter
not-installed"hfsutils
not-installed"hg-fast-export
not-installed"hg-git
not-installed"hgview
not-installed"hgview-qt4
not-installed"hiawatha
installed"hicolor-icon-theme
installed"hicolor-icon-theme-branding-openSUSE
installed"highlight
not-installed"highlight-gui
not-installed"highlighting-kate
not-installed"himeno
not-installed"hiredis
not-installed"hiredis-devel
not-installed"hitori
not-installed"hitori-lang
not-installed"hivex
not-installed"hivex-devel
not-installed"hivex-lang
not-installed"hlint
not-installed"hmaccalc
not-installed"hmconv
not-installed"hollywood
not-installed"hollywood-data
not-installed"homebank
not-installed"homebank-lang
not-installed"homerhevc
not-installed"homerhevc
not-installed"homerhevc-debuginfo
not-installed"homeshick
not-installed"honggfuzz
not-installed"hostap-utils
not-installed"hostapd
not-installed"hostapd
not-installed"hostinfo
not-installed"hostname
not-installed"howl
not-installed"hp-drive-guard
not-installed"hp2xx
not-installed"hpack
not-installed"hping
not-installed"hping-doc
not-installed"hplip
not-installed"hplip-devel
installed"hplip-hpijs
installed"hplip-sane
not-installed"hscolour
not-installed"hspec-discover
not-installed"hsqldb
not-installed"hsqldb-demo
not-installed"hsqldb-javadoc
not-installed"hsqldb-manual
not-installed"ht
not-installed"ht2html
not-installed"htdig
not-installed"htdig-devel
not-installed"htdig-doc
not-installed"hte
not-installed"html-dtd
not-installed"html2ps
not-installed"html2text
not-installed"htmldoc
installed"htop
not-installed"http-parser-devel
not-installed"httperf
not-installed"httrack
not-installed"httrack-devel
installed"hugin
not-installed"humanity-icon-theme
installed"hunspell
not-installed"hunspell-32bit
not-installed"hunspell-devel
not-installed"hunspell-devel-32bit
not-installed"hunspell-static
installed"hunspell-tools
not-installed"hwdata
not-installed"hwdata
installed"hwinfo
not-installed"hwinfo
not-installed"hwinfo-devel
not-installed"hwloc
not-installed"hwloc-data
not-installed"hwloc-devel
not-installed"hwloc-doc
not-installed"hwloc-lstopo
not-installed"hwmixvolume
not-installed"hwsd
not-installed"hwsd
not-installed"hwsd-debuginfo
not-installed"hwsd-debugsource
not-installed"hwsd-devel
not-installed"hwsd-doc
not-installed"hxtools
not-installed"hxtools-data
not-installed"hxtools-man
not-installed"hxtools-profile
not-installed"hxtools-scripts
installed"hydrogen
not-installed"hyena
not-installed"hylafax+
not-installed"hylafax+
not-installed"hylafax+-client
not-installed"hyper-v
not-installed"hyper-v
not-installed"hyphen
not-installed"hyphen-devel
not-installed"i18nspector
not-installed"i2c-tools
installed"i3
not-installed"i3-devel
installed"i3lock
not-installed"i3lock-xlock-compat
installed"i3status
not-installed"i4l-base
not-installed"i4l-isdnlog
not-installed"i4l-vbox
not-installed"i4lfirm
not-installed"iagno
not-installed"iagno-lang
not-installed"ibacm
not-installed"ibm-data-db2
not-installed"ibmrtpkgs
not-installed"ibmswtpm2
not-installed"ibmtss
not-installed"ibmtss-base
not-installed"ibmtss-devel
not-installed"ibsim
not-installed"ibus
not-installed"ibus-anthy
not-installed"ibus-anthy-devel
not-installed"ibus-branding-openSUSE-KDE
not-installed"ibus-chewing
not-installed"ibus-devel
not-installed"ibus-googlepinyin
not-installed"ibus-gtk
not-installed"ibus-gtk-32bit
not-installed"ibus-gtk3
not-installed"ibus-gtk3-32bit
not-installed"ibus-hangul
not-installed"ibus-input-pad
not-installed"ibus-kkc
not-installed"ibus-lang
not-installed"ibus-libpinyin
not-installed"ibus-libzhuyin
not-installed"ibus-m17n
not-installed"ibus-mozc
not-installed"ibus-mozc-candidate-window
not-installed"ibus-pinyin
not-installed"ibus-qt
not-installed"ibus-qt-32bit
not-installed"ibus-qt-devel
not-installed"ibus-rime
not-installed"ibus-skk
not-installed"ibus-sunpinyin
not-installed"ibus-table
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-array
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-cangjie
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-cantonese
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-easy
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-erbi
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-jyutping
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-quick
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-scj
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-stroke5
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-wu
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-wubi-haifeng
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-wubi-jidian
not-installed"ibus-table-chinese-yong
not-installed"ibus-table-cns11643
not-installed"ibus-table-compose
not-installed"ibus-table-devel
not-installed"ibus-table-emoji
not-installed"ibus-table-extraphrase
not-installed"ibus-table-extraphrase-devel
not-installed"ibus-table-ipa-x-sampa
not-installed"ibus-table-latex
not-installed"ibus-table-mathwriter
not-installed"ibus-table-others
not-installed"ibus-table-rusle
not-installed"ibus-table-rustrad
not-installed"ibus-table-thai
not-installed"ibus-table-translit
not-installed"ibus-table-translit-ua
not-installed"ibus-table-viqr
not-installed"ibus-table-yawerty
not-installed"ibus-table-zhengma
not-installed"ibus-table-zhuyin
not-installed"ibus-table-ziranma
not-installed"ibus-unikey
not-installed"ibutils
not-installed"ibutils-devel
not-installed"ibutils-devel-static
not-installed"ibvexdmtools
not-installed"icc-examin
not-installed"icc-mime-types
not-installed"icc-profiles
not-installed"icc-profiles-all
not-installed"icc-profiles-basiccolor-lstarrgb
not-installed"icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-coat2
not-installed"icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-doc
not-installed"icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-extra
not-installed"icc-profiles-lcms-lab
not-installed"icc-profiles-mini
not-installed"icc-profiles-openicc-rgb
not-installed"icc-profiles-oyranos-extra
not-installed"icc-profiles-scp-argyll
not-installed"icc-profiles-scp-fogra
not-installed"icc-profiles-scp-oysonar
not-installed"icc-profiles-scp-yamma
not-installed"icc-targets-fogra
not-installed"icc-targets-npes
not-installed"iceWMCP
not-installed"iceWMCP-addons
installed"iceauth
not-installed"icecast
not-installed"icecast-doc
not-installed"icecream
not-installed"icecream-clang-wrappers
not-installed"icecream-monitor
not-installed"icedax
not-installed"icedtea-web-javadoc
not-installed"ices
installed"icewm
not-installed"icewm
installed"icewm-config-upstream
installed"icewm-default
installed"icewm-lang
installed"icewm-lite
not-installed"icewm-theme-branding
not-installed"icewm-themes
not-installed"icinga
not-installed"icinga-devel
not-installed"icinga-doc
not-installed"icinga-idoutils
not-installed"icinga-idoutils-mysql
not-installed"icinga-idoutils-oracle
not-installed"icinga-idoutils-pgsql
not-installed"icinga-plugins-downtimes
not-installed"icinga-plugins-eventhandlers
not-installed"icinga-www
not-installed"icinga-www-config
not-installed"icmake
not-installed"icmpinfo
not-installed"icns-utils
not-installed"ico
not-installed"icon-naming-utils
installed"icoutils
not-installed"icoutils
not-installed"icu
not-installed"icu
not-installed"icu-data
not-installed"icu4j
not-installed"icu4j-javadoc
not-installed"id3lib
not-installed"id3lib-32bit
not-installed"id3lib-devel
not-installed"id3lib-examples
not-installed"id3v2
not-installed"idep
not-installed"ido-devel
not-installed"idutils
not-installed"idutils-lang
not-installed"idzebra
not-installed"idzebra-devel
not-installed"idzebra-doc
installed"ifplugd
not-installed"iftop
not-installed"ifuse
not-installed"igerman98-doc
not-installed"ignuit
not-installed"iio-sensor-proxy
not-installed"iksemel
not-installed"iksemel-devel
not-installed"ikvm
not-installed"ilbc-devel
not-installed"ilmbase
not-installed"ilmbase-debugsource
not-installed"ilmbase-devel
not-installed"ima-evm-utils-devel
not-installed"imagej
installed"imagewriter
not-installed"imagination
not-installed"imagination
not-installed"imagination-debuginfo
not-installed"imagination-debugsource
not-installed"imagination-doc
not-installed"imagination-lang
installed"imaging
not-installed"imake
not-installed"imap
not-installed"imap-devel
not-installed"imapfilter
not-installed"imgen
not-installed"imgvtopgm
not-installed"imhangul
not-installed"imhangul-32bit
installed"imlib2
not-installed"imlib2-devel
not-installed"imlib2-filters
installed"imlib2-loaders
not-installed"imobiledevice-tools
not-installed"imwheel
not-installed"imx-usb-loader
installed"incidenceeditor
not-installed"incidenceeditor-devel
installed"incidenceeditor-lang
not-installed"indent
not-installed"indic-fonts
not-installed"infiniband-diags
not-installed"infiniband-diags-devel
not-installed"infinipath-psm-devel
not-installed"infinoted
installed"info
installed"info2html
not-installed"info2html
not-installed"info4
not-installed"infos-creator-rpm
not-installed"ini4j
not-installed"ini4j-javadoc
installed"initviocons
not-installed"injeqt-devel
installed"inkscape
not-installed"inkscape-extensions-dia
installed"inkscape-extensions-extra
not-installed"inkscape-extensions-fig
installed"inkscape-extensions-gimp
not-installed"inkscape-extensions-skencil
installed"inkscape-lang
not-installed"inn
not-installed"inn-devel
not-installed"innoextract
not-installed"innotop
not-installed"inotify-tools
not-installed"inotify-tools-devel
not-installed"inotify-tools-doc
not-installed"input-pad
not-installed"input-pad-devel
not-installed"input-pad-eek
not-installed"input-pad-xtest
not-installed"inputproto-devel
installed"insserv-compat
not-installed"inst-source-utils
not-installed"install-initrd-openSUSE
not-installed"installation-images-debuginfodeps-openSUSE
not-installed"instsource-susedata
not-installed"int10h-oldschoolpc-fonts
not-installed"intel-SINIT
not-installed"intel-cmt-cat
not-installed"intel-gpu-tools
not-installed"intelhex
not-installed"interbench
installed"intlfonts
not-installed"intlfonts-arabic-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-asian-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-bdf-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-chinese-big-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-chinese-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-ethiopic-bitmap-fonts
installed"intlfonts-euro-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-japanese-big-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-japanese-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-phonetic-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-ttf-fonts
not-installed"intlfonts-type1-fonts
not-installed"intltool
not-installed"invm-cim-devel
not-installed"invm-cli-devel
not-installed"invm-i18n-devel
not-installed"inxi
not-installed"iodbc
not-installed"iodbc-admin
not-installed"iodine
not-installed"iometer
not-installed"ioping
not-installed"iops
not-installed"iotop
not-installed"iouyap
not-installed"iozone
not-installed"iozone-doc
not-installed"ip6addr
not-installed"ipa-ex-gothic-fonts
not-installed"ipa-ex-mincho-fonts
not-installed"ipa-gothic-bold-fonts
not-installed"ipa-gothic-bolditalic-fonts
not-installed"ipa-gothic-fonts
not-installed"ipa-gothic-italic-fonts
not-installed"ipa-mincho-fonts
not-installed"ipa-pgothic-bold-fonts
not-installed"ipa-pgothic-bolditalic-fonts
not-installed"ipa-pgothic-fonts
not-installed"ipa-pgothic-italic-fonts
not-installed"ipa-pmincho-fonts
not-installed"ipa-uigothic-fonts
not-installed"ipadic
not-installed"ipcalc
not-installed"iperf
not-installed"iperf-devel
not-installed"ipmitool
not-installed"ipmiutil
not-installed"ipmiutil-devel
installed"iproute2
not-installed"iproute2
not-installed"iproute2-doc
not-installed"iproute2-doc
not-installed"iproxy
not-installed"ipsec-tools
not-installed"ipsec-tools
not-installed"ipset
not-installed"ipset
not-installed"ipset-devel
not-installed"ipset-kmp-default
installed"iptables
not-installed"iptables
not-installed"iptraf-ng
installed"iputils
not-installed"ipvsadm
not-installed"ipw-firmware
not-installed"ipxrip
not-installed"irda
installed"irqbalance
not-installed"irqd
not-installed"irrlicht-data
not-installed"irrlicht-devel
not-installed"irssi
not-installed"irssi
not-installed"irssi-devel
not-installed"irssi-otr
not-installed"isapnp
not-installed"isapnp-devel
installed"iscsiuio
not-installed"isight-firmware-tools
not-installed"isl-devel
not-installed"isl-devel-32bit
installed"iso-codes
not-installed"iso-codes-devel
installed"iso-codes-lang
not-installed"iso-country-flags-png
not-installed"iso_ent
not-installed"isomaster
not-installed"isomaster
not-installed"isomaster-debuginfo
not-installed"isomaster-lang
not-installed"isorelax
not-installed"isorelax-javadoc
installed"ispell
not-installed"ispell
installed"ispell-american
not-installed"ispell-brazilian
not-installed"ispell-british
not-installed"ispell-bulgarian
not-installed"ispell-catalan
not-installed"ispell-czech
not-installed"ispell-danish
not-installed"ispell-dutch
not-installed"ispell-esperanto
not-installed"ispell-estonian
not-installed"ispell-finnish
not-installed"ispell-french
not-installed"ispell-german
not-installed"ispell-greek
not-installed"ispell-hungarian
not-installed"ispell-italian
not-installed"ispell-naustrian
not-installed"ispell-ngerman
not-installed"ispell-norsk
not-installed"ispell-nswiss
not-installed"ispell-polish
not-installed"ispell-portuguese
not-installed"ispell-russian
not-installed"ispell-slovak
not-installed"ispell-slovene
not-installed"ispell-spanish
not-installed"ispell-swedish
not-installed"issue-generator
not-installed"istgt
not-installed"isync
not-installed"itk
not-installed"itk
not-installed"itstool
not-installed"iucode-tool
not-installed"iverilog
not-installed"iverilog-devel
not-installed"ivtv
not-installed"ivtv-firmware
not-installed"ivykis-devel
installed"iw
not-installed"iwatch
not-installed"iwidgets
not-installed"iwpmd
not-installed"iwscanner
not-installed"ixpdimm-cli
not-installed"ixpdimm-data
not-installed"ixpdimm-devel
not-installed"ixpdimm-monitor
not-installed"jack
not-installed"jack-32bit
not-installed"jack-rack
not-installed"jackEQ
not-installed"jack_mixer
not-installed"jack_mixer
not-installed"jack_mixer-debuginfo
not-installed"jack_mixer-debugsource
not-installed"jackmixdesk
not-installed"jackmixdesk
not-installed"jackmixdesk-debuginfo
not-installed"jackmixdesk-debugsource
not-installed"jacktrip
not-installed"jacktrip
not-installed"jacktrip-debuginfo
not-installed"jacktrip-debugsource
not-installed"jaero
not-installed"jag
not-installed"jag-data
not-installed"jag-level-editor
not-installed"jakarta-commons-compress
not-installed"jakarta-commons-compress-1_1
not-installed"jakarta-commons-compress-1_1
not-installed"jakarta-commons-compress-1_1-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-compress-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-dbcp
not-installed"jakarta-commons-dbcp-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-dbcp-src
not-installed"jakarta-commons-digester
not-installed"jakarta-commons-digester-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-discovery
not-installed"jakarta-commons-discovery-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-fileupload
not-installed"jakarta-commons-fileupload-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-launcher
not-installed"jakarta-commons-launcher-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-modeler
not-installed"jakarta-commons-modeler-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-net
not-installed"jakarta-commons-net-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-commons-transaction
not-installed"jakarta-commons-transaction-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-poi
not-installed"jakarta-poi-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-poi-manual
not-installed"jakarta-slide-webdavclient
not-installed"jakarta-slide-webdavclient-javadoc
not-installed"jakarta-slide-webdavclient-repolib
not-installed"jakarta-taglibs-standard
not-installed"jakarta-taglibs-standard-javadoc
not-installed"jamulus
not-installed"jamulus
not-installed"jamulus-debuginfo
not-installed"jasper
not-installed"jasper
not-installed"java-1_5_0-gcj-compat
not-installed"java-1_5_0-gcj-compat
not-installed"java-1_5_0-gcj-compat-32bit
not-installed"java-1_5_0-gcj-compat-devel
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-accessibility
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap-devel
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap-headless
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-demo
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-devel
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-headless
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-javadoc
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-plugin
not-installed"java-1_7_0-openjdk-src
installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk
not-installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk
not-installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk-accessibility
not-installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk-demo
not-installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk-devel
installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk-headless
not-installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk-javadoc
installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk-plugin
not-installed"java-1_8_0-openjdk-src
not-installed"java-atk-wrapper
not-installed"java-binfmt-misc
not-installed"java-binfmt-misc
not-installed"java-cup
not-installed"java-cup-manual
not-installed"java-libkolabxml1
not-installed"java-mraa
not-installed"javacc
not-installed"javacc-demo
not-installed"javacc-manual
not-installed"javacc3
not-installed"javacc3-demo
not-installed"javacc3-manual
not-installed"javacc3-repolib
not-installed"javahelp2
not-installed"javahelp2-javadoc
not-installed"javahelp2-manual
installed"javapackages-tools
not-installed"javapackages-tools
not-installed"javassist
not-installed"javassist-demo
not-installed"javassist-javadoc
not-installed"javassist-manual
not-installed"javazic
not-installed"jaxen
not-installed"jaxen-bootstrap
not-installed"jaxodraw
not-installed"jaxodraw-javadoc
not-installed"jaxodraw-latex
not-installed"jbig2dec
not-installed"jbig2dec-devel
not-installed"jbig2dec-devel-32bit
not-installed"jbigkit
not-installed"jcifs
not-installed"jcifs-demo
not-installed"jcifs-javadoc
not-installed"jcip-annotations
not-installed"jcodings
not-installed"jcommon
not-installed"jcommon-javadoc
not-installed"jcommon-test
not-installed"jdepend
not-installed"jdepend-demo
not-installed"jdepend-javadoc
not-installed"jdom
not-installed"jedit
not-installed"jedit-javadoc
not-installed"jemalloc
not-installed"jemalloc-devel
not-installed"jemalloc-devel-static
not-installed"jemmy
not-installed"jemmy-javadoc
not-installed"jeos-firstboot
not-installed"jeuclid
not-installed"jeuclid-cli
not-installed"jeuclid-fop
not-installed"jeuclid-mathviewer
not-installed"jfbterm
not-installed"jflex
not-installed"jflex-bootstrap
not-installed"jflex-doc
not-installed"jformatstring
not-installed"jformatstring-javadoc
not-installed"jfsutils
not-installed"jgoodies-forms
not-installed"jgoodies-forms-demo
not-installed"jgoodies-forms-javadoc
not-installed"jgoodies-forms-manual
not-installed"jgoodies-looks
not-installed"jgoodies-looks-demo
not-installed"jgoodies-looks-javadoc
not-installed"jgoodies-looks-manual
not-installed"jgraphx
not-installed"jgraphx
not-installed"jgroups
not-installed"jgroups-javadoc
not-installed"jgroups-manual
not-installed"jgroups-repolib
not-installed"jhbuild
not-installed"jhbuild-lang
not-installed"jhbuild-recommended-deps
not-installed"jhead
not-installed"jhead
not-installed"jigdo
not-installed"jigit
not-installed"jikes
not-installed"jimtcl
not-installed"jimtcl-devel
not-installed"jing
not-installed"jisp2
not-installed"jisp2-demo
not-installed"jisp2-javadoc
not-installed"jlatexmath
not-installed"jlatexmath-fop
not-installed"jlatexmath-javadoc
not-installed"jlex
not-installed"jlfgr
not-installed"jline
not-installed"jmess
not-installed"jmess
not-installed"jmess-debuginfo
not-installed"jmess-debugsource
not-installed"jmock
not-installed"jmock-demo
not-installed"jmock-javadoc
not-installed"jna
not-installed"jna-javadoc
not-installed"joda-time
not-installed"joda-time-javadoc
installed"joe
not-installed"jogl2
not-installed"john
not-installed"john-wordlists
not-installed"jomolhari-fonts
not-installed"jondo
not-installed"jondofox
not-installed"jovie
installed"jq
not-installed"jrosetta
not-installed"js
not-installed"js
not-installed"js-debuginfo
not-installed"js-debugsource
not-installed"js-devel
not-installed"jsch
not-installed"jsch-demo
not-installed"jsch-javadoc
not-installed"jsmn-devel
not-installed"json-glib-devel
installed"json-glib-lang
not-installed"jsoncpp
not-installed"jsoncpp-debugsource
not-installed"jsoncpp-devel
not-installed"jsr-305
not-installed"jsr-305-javadoc
not-installed"jtidy
not-installed"jtidy-scripts
not-installed"judy-devel
not-installed"judy-doc
not-installed"juk
not-installed"julia
not-installed"julia-compat
not-installed"julia-compat-devel
not-installed"julia-devel
not-installed"julia-doc
not-installed"julia-examples
not-installed"jumpnbump
not-installed"junit
not-installed"junit-demo
not-installed"junit-javadoc
not-installed"junit-manual
not-installed"junitperf
not-installed"junitperf-demo
not-installed"junitperf-javadoc
not-installed"jvyamlb
not-installed"jxrlib
not-installed"jxrlib-devel
not-installed"jython
not-installed"jython-demo
not-installed"jython-javadoc
not-installed"jython-manual
not-installed"jzlib
not-installed"jzlib-demo
not-installed"jzlib-javadoc
installed"k3b
not-installed"k3b
not-installed"k3b-debuginfo
not-installed"k3b-debugsource
not-installed"k3b-devel
installed"k3b-lang
not-installed"k4dirstat
not-installed"k4dirstat-lang
not-installed"k9copy
not-installed"k9copy
not-installed"k9copy-debuginfo
not-installed"k9copy-debugsource
not-installed"k9copy-lang
not-installed"kaccessible
installed"kaccounts-integration
not-installed"kaccounts-integration-32bit
not-installed"kaccounts-integration-devel
installed"kaccounts-integration-lang
installed"kaccounts-providers
installed"kaccounts-providers-lang
not-installed"kactivities-stats-devel
not-installed"kactivities-stats-devel-32bit
not-installed"kactivities5-devel
not-installed"kactivities5-devel-32bit
installed"kactivities5-imports
not-installed"kactivities5-tools
installed"kactivitymanagerd
installed"kactivitymanagerd-lang
installed"kaddressbook
installed"kaddressbook-lang
not-installed"kadu
not-installed"kadu-anonymous_check
not-installed"kadu-completion
not-installed"kadu-devel
not-installed"kadu-import_history
not-installed"kadu-mimetex
not-installed"kadu-sound-bns
not-installed"kadu-sound-drums
not-installed"kadu-sound-florkus
not-installed"kadu-sound-michalsrodek
not-installed"kadu-sound-percussion
not-installed"kadu-sound-ultr
not-installed"kaffeine
not-installed"kajongg
not-installed"kakasi
not-installed"kakasi-devel
not-installed"kakasi-dict
not-installed"kakoune
not-installed"kalarm
not-installed"kalarm-lang
installed"kalarmcal
not-installed"kalarmcal-devel
installed"kalarmcal-lang
not-installed"kalgebra
not-installed"kalgebra-lang
not-installed"kalzium
not-installed"kalzium-devel
not-installed"kalzium-lang
installed"kamera-lang
not-installed"kanagram
not-installed"kanagram-lang
not-installed"kanjipad
not-installed"kapidox
not-installed"kapman
not-installed"kapman-lang
not-installed"kapptemplate
not-installed"kapptemplate-lang
not-installed"karchive-devel
not-installed"karchive-devel-32bit
not-installed"kasumi
installed"kate
installed"kate-lang
installed"kate-plugins
not-installed"kate4-parts
not-installed"katomic
not-installed"katomic-lang
not-installed"kauth-devel
not-installed"kauth-devel-32bit
installed"kbd
installed"kbd-legacy
not-installed"kbdsniffd
not-installed"kblackbox
not-installed"kblackbox-lang
not-installed"kblocks
not-installed"kblocks-lang
not-installed"kblog-devel
not-installed"kblog-lang
not-installed"kbookmarks-devel
not-installed"kbookmarks-devel-32bit
not-installed"kbounce
not-installed"kbounce-lang
installed"kbproto-devel
not-installed"kbreakout
not-installed"kbreakout-lang
not-installed"kbruch
not-installed"kbruch-lang
not-installed"kbuild
not-installed"kcachegrind
not-installed"kcachegrind-lang
installed"kcalc
installed"kcalc-lang
not-installed"kcalcore-devel
installed"kcalutils
not-installed"kcalutils-devel
installed"kcalutils-lang
installed"kcharselect
installed"kcharselect-lang
not-installed"kchmviewer
installed"kcm_sddm
installed"kcm_sddm-lang
not-installed"kcmutils-devel
not-installed"kcmutils-devel-32bit
not-installed"kcodecs-devel
not-installed"kcodecs-devel-32bit
installed"kcolorchooser
installed"kcolorchooser-lang
not-installed"kcompletion-devel
not-installed"kcompletion-devel-32bit
installed"kconf_update5
not-installed"kconfig-devel
not-installed"kconfig-devel-32bit
not-installed"kconfigwidgets-devel
not-installed"kconfigwidgets-devel-32bit
not-installed"kcontacts-devel
not-installed"kcontacts-devel-32bit
installed"kcontacts-lang
installed"kcoreaddons
not-installed"kcoreaddons
not-installed"kcoreaddons-devel
not-installed"kcoreaddons-devel-32bit
installed"kcoreaddons-lang
not-installed"kcrash-devel
not-installed"kcrash-devel-32bit
not-installed"kcron
not-installed"kcron-lang
installed"kdav
not-installed"kdav-devel
not-installed"kdb-devel
not-installed"kdb-lang
not-installed"kdb-mysql-driver
not-installed"kdb-postgresql-driver
not-installed"kdb-sqlite3-driver
not-installed"kdbg
not-installed"kdbg-doc
not-installed"kdbg-lang
not-installed"kdbusaddons-devel
not-installed"kdbusaddons-devel-32bit
installed"kdbusaddons-tools
installed"kde
installed"kde-cli-tools5
installed"kde-cli-tools5-lang
installed"kde-gtk-config5
installed"kde-gtk-config5-lang
not-installed"kde-l10n-ar
not-installed"kde-l10n-ast
not-installed"kde-l10n-bg
not-installed"kde-l10n-bs
not-installed"kde-l10n-ca
not-installed"kde-l10n-caValencia
not-installed"kde-l10n-cs
not-installed"kde-l10n-da
not-installed"kde-l10n-da-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-da-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-de
not-installed"kde-l10n-de-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-de-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-devel
not-installed"kde-l10n-el
not-installed"kde-l10n-en_GB
not-installed"kde-l10n-en_GB-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-en_GB-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-eo
not-installed"kde-l10n-es
not-installed"kde-l10n-es-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-es-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-et
not-installed"kde-l10n-et-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-et-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-eu
not-installed"kde-l10n-fa
not-installed"kde-l10n-fi
not-installed"kde-l10n-fr
not-installed"kde-l10n-fr-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-fr-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-ga
not-installed"kde-l10n-gl
not-installed"kde-l10n-he
not-installed"kde-l10n-hi
not-installed"kde-l10n-hr
not-installed"kde-l10n-hu
not-installed"kde-l10n-ia
not-installed"kde-l10n-id
not-installed"kde-l10n-is
not-installed"kde-l10n-it
not-installed"kde-l10n-it-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-it-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-ja
not-installed"kde-l10n-kk
not-installed"kde-l10n-km
not-installed"kde-l10n-ko
not-installed"kde-l10n-lt
not-installed"kde-l10n-lv
not-installed"kde-l10n-mr
not-installed"kde-l10n-nb
not-installed"kde-l10n-nds
not-installed"kde-l10n-nl
not-installed"kde-l10n-nl-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-nl-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-nn
not-installed"kde-l10n-pa
not-installed"kde-l10n-pl
not-installed"kde-l10n-pl-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-pl-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-pt
not-installed"kde-l10n-pt_BR
not-installed"kde-l10n-pt_BR-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-pt_BR-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-ro
not-installed"kde-l10n-ru
not-installed"kde-l10n-ru-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-ru-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-sk
not-installed"kde-l10n-sl
not-installed"kde-l10n-sr
not-installed"kde-l10n-sv
not-installed"kde-l10n-sv-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-sv-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-tr
not-installed"kde-l10n-ug
not-installed"kde-l10n-uk
not-installed"kde-l10n-uk-data
not-installed"kde-l10n-uk-doc
not-installed"kde-l10n-wa
not-installed"kde-l10n-zh_CN
not-installed"kde-l10n-zh_TW
installed"kde-odf-thumbnail
installed"kde-oxygen-fonts
installed"kde-print-manager
installed"kde-print-manager-lang
installed"kde-user-manager
installed"kde-user-manager-lang
installed"kde4-filesystem
not-installed"kde4-kgreeter-plugins
not-installed"kde4-mediainfo
not-installed"kde4-pacpl-plugins
installed"kde_plasma
installed"kdebase4-runtime
not-installed"kdebase4-runtime-devel
not-installed"kdebase4-workspace
not-installed"kdebase4-workspace-addons
not-installed"kdebase4-workspace-devel
not-installed"kdebase4-workspace-ksysguardd
not-installed"kdebase4-workspace-liboxygenstyle
not-installed"kdebase4-workspace-liboxygenstyle-32bit
installed"kdebase4-workspace-libs
not-installed"kdebase4-workspace-libs-32bit
not-installed"kdebindings-smokegen
not-installed"kdebugsettings
not-installed"kdebugsettings-lang
installed"kdeclarative-components
not-installed"kdeclarative-components-32bit
not-installed"kdeclarative-devel
not-installed"kdeclarative-devel-32bit
not-installed"kdeclarative-tools
installed"kdeconnect-kde
installed"kdeconnect-kde-lang
installed"kded
not-installed"kded-devel
installed"kded-lang
not-installed"kdedesktopcheck
not-installed"kdeedu-data
installed"kdegames-carddecks-default
not-installed"kdegames-carddecks-other
not-installed"kdegames4-carddecks-default
not-installed"kdegames4-carddecks-other
installed"kdegraphics-thumbnailers
installed"kdelibs4
not-installed"kdelibs4-apidocs
installed"kdelibs4-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"kdelibs4-branding-upstream
installed"kdelibs4-core
not-installed"kdelibs4-doc
installed"kdelibs4support
not-installed"kdelibs4support-32bit
not-installed"kdelibs4support-devel
not-installed"kdelibs4support-devel-32bit
installed"kdelibs4support-lang
installed"kdenetwork4-filesharing
installed"kdenetwork4-filesharing-lang
not-installed"kdenlive
not-installed"kdenlive
not-installed"kdenlive-debuginfo
not-installed"kdenlive-debugsource
not-installed"kdenlive-lang
installed"kdepim-addons
not-installed"kdepim-addons
installed"kdepim-addons-lang
installed"kdepim-apps-libs
not-installed"kdepim-apps-libs-devel
installed"kdepim-apps-libs-lang
installed"kdepim-runtime
installed"kdepim-runtime-lang
installed"kdepimlibs4
not-installed"kdesdk-thumbnailers
not-installed"kdesdk-thumbnailers-lang
not-installed"kdesdk4-scripts
not-installed"kdesdk4-scripts-kf5-porting
not-installed"kdesignerplugin
not-installed"kdesignerplugin-devel
not-installed"kdesignerplugin-lang
not-installed"kdesu-devel
not-installed"kdesu-devel-32bit
not-installed"kdesvn
not-installed"kdesvn
not-installed"kdevelop4
not-installed"kdevelop4-devel
not-installed"kdevelop4-doc
not-installed"kdevelop4-lang
not-installed"kdevelop4-pg-qt
not-installed"kdevelop4-plugin-cppsupport
not-installed"kdevelop4-plugins-php
not-installed"kdevelop4-plugins-php-doc
not-installed"kdevelop5
not-installed"kdevelop5-lang
not-installed"kdevelop5-pg-qt
not-installed"kdevelop5-plugin-php
not-installed"kdevelop5-plugin-php-lang
not-installed"kdevelop5-plugin-python3
not-installed"kdevelop5-plugin-python3-lang
not-installed"kdevplatform
not-installed"kdevplatform-devel
not-installed"kdevplatform-lang
not-installed"kdevplatform4
not-installed"kdevplatform4-lang
not-installed"kdewebkit-devel
not-installed"kdewebkit-devel-32bit
not-installed"kdf
not-installed"kdf-lang
not-installed"kdgantt2
not-installed"kdgantt2-devel
not-installed"kdiagram-devel
installed"kdialog
installed"kdialog-lang
not-installed"kdiamond
not-installed"kdiamond-lang
not-installed"kdiff3
not-installed"kdiff3-lang
not-installed"kdm
not-installed"kdm-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"kdm-branding-upstream
installed"kdnssd
not-installed"kdnssd-framework-devel
not-installed"kdnssd-framework-devel-32bit
installed"kdoctools
not-installed"kdoctools-devel
not-installed"kdoctools-devel-32bit
installed"kdoctools-lang
not-installed"kdstatemachineeditor
not-installed"kdstatemachineeditor-devel
not-installed"kdump
not-installed"kdumpid
not-installed"kdvdcreator
not-installed"kdvdcreator
not-installed"kdvdcreator-debuginfo
not-installed"kdvdcreator-debugsource
installed"keditbookmarks
installed"keditbookmarks-lang
not-installed"keepalived
not-installed"keepass
not-installed"keepassx
not-installed"keepassxc
not-installed"keepassxc
not-installed"keepassxc-lang
not-installed"kelbt
not-installed"kemoticons-devel
not-installed"kemoticons-devel-32bit
not-installed"kepas
not-installed"kernel-coverage
not-installed"kernel-debug
not-installed"kernel-debug
not-installed"kernel-debug-base
not-installed"kernel-debug-devel
installed"kernel-default
not-installed"kernel-default
not-installed"kernel-default-base
not-installed"kernel-default-devel
not-installed"kernel-devel
not-installed"kernel-docs
not-installed"kernel-docs
not-installed"kernel-docs-html
not-installed"kernel-docs-pdf
installed"kernel-firmware
not-installed"kernel-firmware
not-installed"kernel-macros
not-installed"kernel-obs-build
not-installed"kernel-obs-build
not-installed"kernel-obs-qa
not-installed"kernel-obs-qa
not-installed"kernel-source
not-installed"kernel-source
not-installed"kernel-source-vanilla
not-installed"kernel-syms
not-installed"kernel-syms
not-installed"kernel-vanilla
not-installed"kernel-vanilla
not-installed"kernel-vanilla-base
not-installed"kernel-vanilla-devel
not-installed"kernelshark
not-installed"ketchup
installed"kexec-tools
not-installed"kexec-tools
not-installed"kexi
not-installed"kexi-lang
not-installed"kexis
not-installed"kexis
not-installed"kexis-debuginfo
not-installed"kexis-debugsource
not-installed"keybinder-devel
not-installed"keybinder-lua
not-installed"keybinder3-devel
not-installed"keychain
not-installed"keychain
installed"keyutils
not-installed"keyutils-devel
not-installed"kf5-filesystem
not-installed"kf5-kcm-fcitx
not-installed"kf5-kcm-fcitx-icons
not-installed"kf5-mediainfo
not-installed"kffmpegthumbnailer
not-installed"kffmpegthumbnailer
not-installed"kffmpegthumbnailer-debuginfo
not-installed"kffmpegthumbnailer-debugsource
not-installed"kfilemetadata
not-installed"kfilemetadata-devel
installed"kfilemetadata5
not-installed"kfilemetadata5-32bit
not-installed"kfilemetadata5-devel
installed"kfilemetadata5-lang
not-installed"kfilereplace
not-installed"kfind
not-installed"kfind-lang
not-installed"kfloppy
not-installed"kfloppy-lang
not-installed"kfourinline
not-installed"kfourinline-lang
installed"kgamma5
installed"kgamma5-lang
not-installed"kgeography
not-installed"kgeography-lang
installed"kget
not-installed"kglobalaccel-devel
not-installed"kglobalaccel-devel-32bit
installed"kglobalaccel5
not-installed"kgoldrunner
installed"kgpg
installed"kgpg-lang
not-installed"kguiaddons-devel
not-installed"kguiaddons-devel-32bit
not-installed"khangman
not-installed"khangman-lang
installed"khelpcenter5
installed"khelpcenter5-lang
not-installed"khmeros-fonts
not-installed"kholidays
not-installed"kholidays-devel
not-installed"kholidays-lang
installed"khotkeys5
not-installed"khotkeys5-devel
installed"khotkeys5-lang
not-installed"khtml-devel
not-installed"khtml-devel-32bit
not-installed"ki18n-devel
not-installed"ki18n-devel-32bit
not-installed"kicad
not-installed"kicad-doc
not-installed"kicad-doc-ca
not-installed"kicad-doc-de
not-installed"kicad-doc-en
not-installed"kicad-doc-es
not-installed"kicad-doc-fr
not-installed"kicad-doc-id
not-installed"kicad-doc-it
not-installed"kicad-doc-ja
not-installed"kicad-doc-nl
not-installed"kicad-doc-pl
not-installed"kicad-doc-ru
not-installed"kicad-footprints
not-installed"kicad-lang-bg
not-installed"kicad-lang-ca
not-installed"kicad-lang-cs
not-installed"kicad-lang-de
not-installed"kicad-lang-el
not-installed"kicad-lang-es
not-installed"kicad-lang-fi
not-installed"kicad-lang-fr
not-installed"kicad-lang-hu
not-installed"kicad-lang-id
not-installed"kicad-lang-it
not-installed"kicad-lang-ja
not-installed"kicad-lang-ko
not-installed"kicad-lang-lt
not-installed"kicad-lang-nl
not-installed"kicad-lang-pl
not-installed"kicad-lang-pt
not-installed"kicad-lang-ru
not-installed"kicad-lang-sk
not-installed"kicad-lang-sl
not-installed"kicad-lang-sv
not-installed"kicad-lang-zh_CN
not-installed"kicad-library
not-installed"kicad-library-install
not-installed"kiconthemes-devel
not-installed"kiconthemes-devel-32bit
not-installed"kid3
not-installed"kid3
not-installed"kid3-cli
not-installed"kid3-cli-debuginfo
not-installed"kid3-core
not-installed"kid3-core-debuginfo
not-installed"kid3-core-lang
not-installed"kid3-debuginfo
not-installed"kid3-debugsource
not-installed"kid3-doc
not-installed"kid3-qt
not-installed"kid3-qt-debuginfo
not-installed"kid3-qt-doc
not-installed"kidentitymanagement-devel
installed"kidentitymanagement-lang
not-installed"kidletime-devel
not-installed"kidletime-devel-32bit
not-installed"kig
not-installed"kig-lang
not-installed"kigo
not-installed"kile
not-installed"kile-lang
not-installed"killbots
not-installed"killbots-lang
not-installed"killerd
not-installed"killswitch-applet
not-installed"kim
not-installed"kim
installed"kimageformats
not-installed"kimageformats-32bit
not-installed"kimagemapeditor
not-installed"kimap-devel
installed"kimap-lang
installed"kinfocenter5
installed"kinfocenter5-lang
installed"kinit
not-installed"kinit-32bit
not-installed"kinit-devel
installed"kinit-lang
not-installed"kino
not-installed"kino
not-installed"kino-debuginfo
not-installed"kino-debugsource
not-installed"kino-devel
not-installed"kinput2
installed"kio
not-installed"kio
not-installed"kio-32bit
installed"kio-core
not-installed"kio-core-32bit
not-installed"kio-devel
not-installed"kio-devel-32bit
installed"kio-extras5
installed"kio-extras5-lang
not-installed"kio-gdrive
not-installed"kio-gdrive-lang
installed"kio-lang
installed"kio_audiocd
not-installed"kio_audiocd-devel
installed"kio_audiocd-lang
installed"kio_audiocd4
not-installed"kio_audiocd4-devel
not-installed"kio_iso
installed"kio_kamera
installed"kio_mtp
installed"kipi-plugins
installed"kipi-plugins-lang
not-installed"kirigami
not-installed"kirigami-devel
not-installed"kirigami-lang
not-installed"kiriki
not-installed"kiriki-lang
not-installed"kismet
not-installed"kitemmodels-devel
not-installed"kitemmodels-devel-32bit
not-installed"kitemviews-devel
not-installed"kitemviews-devel-32bit
not-installed"kiten
not-installed"kiten-devel
not-installed"kiten-lang
not-installed"kiwi
not-installed"kiwi-boot-requires
not-installed"kiwi-desc-isoboot
not-installed"kiwi-desc-isoboot-requires
not-installed"kiwi-desc-netboot
not-installed"kiwi-desc-netboot-requires
not-installed"kiwi-desc-oemboot
not-installed"kiwi-desc-oemboot-requires
not-installed"kiwi-desc-vmxboot
not-installed"kiwi-desc-vmxboot-requires
not-installed"kiwi-doc
not-installed"kiwi-instsource
not-installed"kiwi-instsource-plugins-openSUSE-13-2
not-installed"kiwi-man-pages
not-installed"kiwi-media-requires
not-installed"kiwi-pxeboot
not-installed"kiwi-requires
not-installed"kiwi-templates
not-installed"kiwi-test
not-installed"kiwi-tools
not-installed"kjobwidgets-devel
not-installed"kjobwidgets-devel-32bit
not-installed"kjots
not-installed"kjots-lang
not-installed"kjs-devel
not-installed"kjs-devel-32bit
not-installed"kjs-devel-lang
not-installed"kjsembed-devel
not-installed"kjsembed-devel-32bit
not-installed"kjumpingcube
not-installed"kjumpingcube-lang
not-installed"kkc-data
not-installed"klatexformula
not-installed"klatexformula-apidoc
not-installed"klatexformula-devel
not-installed"klatexformula-ktexteditor-plugin
not-installed"klavaro
installed"kldap
not-installed"kldap-devel
installed"kldap-lang
installed"kleopatra
installed"kleopatra-lang
not-installed"klettres
not-installed"klettres-lang
not-installed"klick
not-installed"klick
not-installed"klick-debuginfo
not-installed"klick-debugsource
not-installed"klickety
not-installed"klickety-lang
not-installed"klines
not-installed"klines-lang
not-installed"klinkstatus
installed"klogd
installed"kmag
installed"kmahjongg
installed"kmahjongg-lang
installed"kmail
not-installed"kmail
installed"kmail-account-wizard
installed"kmail-account-wizard-lang
installed"kmail-application-icons
installed"kmail-lang
installed"kmailtransport
not-installed"kmailtransport-devel
installed"kmailtransport-lang
not-installed"kmbox-devel
not-installed"kmediaplayer-devel
not-installed"kmediaplayer-devel-32bit
installed"kmenuedit5
installed"kmenuedit5-lang
not-installed"kmime-devel
installed"kmime-lang
installed"kmines
installed"kmines-lang
not-installed"kmix
installed"kmod
not-installed"kmod
installed"kmod-compat
installed"kmousetool
not-installed"kmouth
installed"kmozillahelper
not-installed"kmozillahelper
not-installed"kmplot
not-installed"kmplot-lang
not-installed"kmscon
not-installed"kmymoney
not-installed"kmymoney-devel
not-installed"kmymoney-doc
not-installed"kmymoney-lang
not-installed"knavalbattle
not-installed"knavalbattle-lang
not-installed"knemo
not-installed"knetwalk
not-installed"knetwalk-lang
not-installed"knewstuff-core-devel
not-installed"knewstuff-devel
not-installed"knewstuff-devel-32bit
not-installed"knewstuff-imports
not-installed"knewstuff-quick-devel
not-installed"knock
not-installed"knockd
not-installed"knot
installed"knotes
installed"knotes-lang
not-installed"knotifications-devel
not-installed"knotifications-devel-32bit
not-installed"knotifyconfig-devel
not-installed"knotifyconfig-devel-32bit
not-installed"koan
not-installed"kodi
not-installed"kodi
not-installed"kodi-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi-debugsource
not-installed"kodi-devel
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.2sf
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.2sf-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.fluidsynth
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.fluidsynth-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gme
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gme-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gsf
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gsf-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.modplug
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.modplug-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.nosefart
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.nosefart-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.organya
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.organya-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.qsf
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.qsf-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.snesapu
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.snesapu-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.ssf
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.ssf-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.stsound
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.stsound-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.timidity
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.timidity-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.vgmstream
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.vgmstream-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.flac
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.flac-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.lame
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.lame-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.vorbis
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.vorbis-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.wav
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.wav-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-debugsource
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.adaptive
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.adaptive-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.rtmp
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.rtmp-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-peripheral.joystick
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-peripheral.joystick-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.argustv
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.argustv-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.demo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.demo-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvblink
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvblink-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvbviewer
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvbviewer-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.filmon
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.filmon-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hdhomerun
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hdhomerun-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hts
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hts-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.iptvsimple
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.iptvsimple-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mediaportal.tvserver
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mediaportal.tvserver-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mythtv
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mythtv-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.nextpvr
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.nextpvr-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.njoy
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.njoy-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.octonet
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.octonet-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.pctv
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.pctv-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.stalker
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.stalker-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vbox
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vbox-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vdr.vnsi
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vdr.vnsi-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vuplus
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vuplus-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.wmc
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-pvr.wmc-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asteroids
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asteroids-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asterwave
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asterwave-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.biogenesis
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.biogenesis-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.cpblobs
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.cpblobs-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.greynetic
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.greynetic-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.matrixtrails
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.matrixtrails-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pingpong
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pingpong-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pyro
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pyro-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.stars
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.stars-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensavers.rsxs
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-screensavers.rsxs-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.fishbmc
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.fishbmc-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.goom
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.goom-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.projectm
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.projectm-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.shadertoy
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.shadertoy-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.spectrum
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.spectrum-debuginfo
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.waveform
not-installed"kodi.binary-addons-visualization.waveform-debuginfo
not-installed"kolf
not-installed"kollision
not-installed"kollision-lang
not-installed"kolor-manager
not-installed"kolourpaint
not-installed"kolourpaint-lang
installed"kompare
not-installed"kompare-devel
installed"kompare-lang
not-installed"konkretcmpi-devel
not-installed"konkretcmpi-python
not-installed"konqueror
not-installed"konqueror-devel
not-installed"konqueror-lang
not-installed"konqueror-plugins
not-installed"konquest
installed"konsole
installed"konsole-part
installed"konsole-part-lang
not-installed"konsole4-part
installed"kontact
installed"kontact-lang
not-installed"kontactinterface-devel
installed"kontactinterface-lang
installed"konversation
not-installed"konversation
installed"konversation-lang
not-installed"kopano
not-installed"kopano-archiver
not-installed"kopano-backup
not-installed"kopano-bash-completion
not-installed"kopano-client
not-installed"kopano-common
not-installed"kopano-compat
not-installed"kopano-contacts
not-installed"kopano-dagent
not-installed"kopano-devel
not-installed"kopano-gateway
not-installed"kopano-ical
not-installed"kopano-lang
not-installed"kopano-migration-imap
not-installed"kopano-migration-pst
not-installed"kopano-monitor
not-installed"kopano-presence
not-installed"kopano-search
not-installed"kopano-server
not-installed"kopano-server-packages
not-installed"kopano-spooler
not-installed"kopano-utils
not-installed"kopano-webapp
not-installed"kopano-webapp
not-installed"kopano-webapp-contactfax
not-installed"kopano-webapp-folderwidgets
not-installed"kopano-webapp-gmaps
not-installed"kopano-webapp-lang
not-installed"kopano-webapp-pimfolder
not-installed"kopano-webapp-quickitems
not-installed"kopano-webapp-titlecounter
not-installed"kopano-webapp-webappmanual
not-installed"kopano-webapp-zdeveloper
installed"kopete
not-installed"kopete-devel
installed"korganizer
installed"korganizer-lang
installed"kpackage
not-installed"kpackage-32bit
not-installed"kpackage-devel
not-installed"kpackage-devel-32bit
installed"kpackage-lang
not-installed"kpartloader
not-installed"kpartloader-lang
not-installed"kparts-devel
not-installed"kparts-devel-32bit
not-installed"kpartsplugin
not-installed"kpartsplugin
not-installed"kpartsplugin-debuginfo
not-installed"kpartsplugin-debugsource
installed"kpartx
not-installed"kpassgen
installed"kpat
installed"kpat-lang
installed"kpeople5
not-installed"kpeople5-32bit
not-installed"kpeople5-devel
not-installed"kpeople5-devel-32bit
installed"kpeople5-lang
installed"kpimtextedit
not-installed"kpimtextedit-devel
installed"kpimtextedit-lang
not-installed"kplayer
not-installed"kplayer
not-installed"kplayer-debuginfo
not-installed"kplayer-debugsource
not-installed"kplayer-doc
not-installed"kplayer-lang
not-installed"kplotting-devel
not-installed"kplotting-devel-32bit
not-installed"kpmcore
not-installed"kpmcore-devel
not-installed"kpmcore-lang
not-installed"kppp
not-installed"kproperty
not-installed"kproperty-devel
not-installed"kpty-devel
not-installed"kpty-devel-32bit
not-installed"kqtquickcharts
not-installed"kradio
not-installed"kraft
not-installed"krandr
installed"krb5
not-installed"krb5
installed"krb5-32bit
not-installed"krb5-appl-clients
not-installed"krb5-appl-servers
not-installed"krb5-auth-dialog
not-installed"krb5-auth-dialog-lang
not-installed"krb5-client
not-installed"krb5-devel
not-installed"krb5-devel-32bit
not-installed"krb5-doc
not-installed"krb5-mini
not-installed"krb5-mini
not-installed"krb5-mini-devel
not-installed"krb5-plugin-kdb-ldap
not-installed"krb5-plugin-preauth-otp
not-installed"krb5-plugin-preauth-pkinit
not-installed"krb5-server
not-installed"krb5-ticket-watcher
not-installed"krdc
not-installed"krdc-devel
not-installed"krdc-lang
not-installed"kremotecontrol
not-installed"kremotecontrol-devel
not-installed"krename
not-installed"kreport
not-installed"kreport-devel
installed"kreversi
not-installed"krfb
not-installed"krfb-lang
not-installed"krita
not-installed"krita-devel
not-installed"krita-lang
installed"kross
not-installed"kross-32bit
not-installed"kross-devel
not-installed"kross-devel-32bit
installed"kross-lang
not-installed"kross-python
installed"kruler
installed"kruler-lang
not-installed"krunner-devel
not-installed"krunner-devel-32bit
not-installed"krusader
not-installed"krusader
not-installed"krusader-doc
installed"kscd
installed"kscreen5
installed"kscreen5-lang
installed"kscreenlocker
not-installed"kscreenlocker-devel
installed"kscreenlocker-lang
not-installed"kseg
not-installed"kselftests-kmp-debug
not-installed"kselftests-kmp-default
not-installed"kselftests-kmp-vanilla
installed"kservice
not-installed"kservice-32bit
not-installed"kservice-devel
not-installed"kservice-devel-32bit
installed"kservice-lang
installed"ksh
not-installed"ksh-devel
not-installed"kshisen
not-installed"kshisen-lang
not-installed"kshutdown
not-installed"ksirk
not-installed"ksnakeduel
not-installed"kspaceduel
installed"ksplash-qml-branding-openSUSE
installed"ksplashx-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"ksquares
not-installed"ksquares-lang
installed"ksshaskpass5
installed"ksshaskpass5-lang
not-installed"kssl
not-installed"kst
not-installed"kst-devel
not-installed"kstars
not-installed"kstars-lang
installed"ksudoku
installed"ksysguard5
installed"ksysguard5-lang
not-installed"ksystemlog
not-installed"ksystemlog-lang
not-installed"kteatime
not-installed"kteatime-lang
not-installed"kterm
installed"ktexteditor
not-installed"ktexteditor
not-installed"ktexteditor-32bit
not-installed"ktexteditor-devel
not-installed"ktexteditor-devel-32bit
installed"ktexteditor-lang
not-installed"ktextwidgets-devel
not-installed"ktextwidgets-devel-32bit
not-installed"ktimer
not-installed"ktimer-lang
not-installed"ktnef
not-installed"ktnef-devel
installed"ktnef-lang
not-installed"ktoblzcheck
installed"ktorrent
not-installed"ktorrent
installed"ktorrent-lang
not-installed"ktouch
not-installed"ktouch-lang
installed"ktp-accounts-kcm
installed"ktp-accounts-kcm-lang
not-installed"ktp-approver
not-installed"ktp-approver-lang
not-installed"ktp-auth-handler
not-installed"ktp-auth-handler-lang
not-installed"ktp-call-ui
not-installed"ktp-call-ui-lang
not-installed"ktp-common-internals
not-installed"ktp-common-internals-devel
not-installed"ktp-common-internals-lang
not-installed"ktp-contact-list
not-installed"ktp-contact-list-lang
not-installed"ktp-contact-runner
not-installed"ktp-contact-runner-lang
not-installed"ktp-desktop-applets
not-installed"ktp-desktop-applets-lang
not-installed"ktp-filetransfer-handler
not-installed"ktp-filetransfer-handler-lang
not-installed"ktp-icons
not-installed"ktp-kded-module
not-installed"ktp-kded-module-lang
not-installed"ktp-send-file
not-installed"ktp-send-file-lang
not-installed"ktp-text-ui
not-installed"ktp-text-ui-lang
not-installed"ktuberling
not-installed"ktuberling-lang
not-installed"kturtle
not-installed"kturtle-lang
not-installed"kubernetes-client
not-installed"kubernetes-common
not-installed"kubernetes-extra
not-installed"kubernetes-master
not-installed"kubernetes-node
not-installed"kubrick
not-installed"kuiviewer
not-installed"kuiviewer-lang
not-installed"kunitconversion-devel
not-installed"kunitconversion-devel-32bit
not-installed"kup-client
not-installed"kup-server
not-installed"kupfer
not-installed"kuser
not-installed"kvazaar
not-installed"kvazaar
not-installed"kvazaar-debuginfo
not-installed"kvazaar-debugsource
not-installed"kvirc
not-installed"kvirc-devel
not-installed"kvirustotal
not-installed"kvirustotal-lang
not-installed"kvkbd
not-installed"kvm_server
not-installed"kvpnc
not-installed"kwallet-devel
not-installed"kwallet-devel-32bit
installed"kwallet-tools
installed"kwallet-tools-lang
installed"kwalletd5
installed"kwalletd5-lang
not-installed"kwalletmanager
installed"kwalletmanager5
installed"kwalletmanager5-lang
not-installed"kwave
not-installed"kwave
not-installed"kwave-lang
installed"kwayland
not-installed"kwayland-32bit
not-installed"kwayland-devel
not-installed"kwayland-devel-32bit
not-installed"kwayland-integration
not-installed"kwebkitpart
not-installed"kwebkitpart-lang
not-installed"kwidgetsaddons-devel
not-installed"kwidgetsaddons-devel-32bit
not-installed"kwikdisk
not-installed"kwin
installed"kwin5
not-installed"kwin5-devel
installed"kwin5-lang
not-installed"kwindowsystem-devel
not-installed"kwindowsystem-devel-32bit
not-installed"kwordquiz
not-installed"kwordquiz-lang
not-installed"kwrite
not-installed"kwrited5
not-installed"kxmlgui-devel
not-installed"kxmlgui-devel-32bit
not-installed"kxmlrpcclient5-devel
not-installed"kxmlrpcclient5-devel-32bit
not-installed"kye
not-installed"kye-data
not-installed"kyotocabinet
not-installed"l-smash
not-installed"l-smash
not-installed"l-smash-devel
not-installed"labplot-kf5
not-installed"labplot-kf5-lang
not-installed"ladspa
not-installed"ladspa-32bit
not-installed"ladspa-AMB
not-installed"ladspa-FIL
not-installed"ladspa-LEET-plugin
not-installed"ladspa-LEET-plugin
not-installed"ladspa-LEET-plugin-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-MCP
not-installed"ladspa-REV
not-installed"ladspa-VCO
not-installed"ladspa-WAH
not-installed"ladspa-WAH
not-installed"ladspa-WAH-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-WAH-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-alienwah
not-installed"ladspa-aweight
not-installed"ladspa-aweight
not-installed"ladspa-aweight-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-aweight-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-blepvco
not-installed"ladspa-blop
not-installed"ladspa-bs2b
not-installed"ladspa-bs2b
not-installed"ladspa-bs2b-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-bs2b-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-caps
not-installed"ladspa-clipper
not-installed"ladspa-clipper
not-installed"ladspa-cmt
not-installed"ladspa-devel
not-installed"ladspa-foo-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-foo-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-foo-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-foo-plugins-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-guitarix
not-installed"ladspa-invada-studio-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-invada-studio-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-lemux
not-installed"ladspa-lemux
not-installed"ladspa-lemux-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-lemux-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-lgv-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-lgv-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-lgv-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-lgv-plugins-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-matched
not-installed"ladspa-njl
not-installed"ladspa-njl
not-installed"ladspa-njl-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-njl-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-omins
not-installed"ladspa-omins
not-installed"ladspa-omins-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-omins-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-preamp
not-installed"ladspa-pvoc
not-installed"ladspa-sooperlooper
not-installed"ladspa-super-60
not-installed"ladspa-swh-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-tap-plugins
not-installed"ladspa-trigger
not-installed"ladspa-trigger
not-installed"ladspa-vcf
not-installed"ladspa-vlevel
not-installed"ladspa-vocoder
not-installed"ladspa-wasp
not-installed"ladspa-wasp
not-installed"ladspa-wasp-debuginfo
not-installed"ladspa-wasp-debugsource
not-installed"ladspa-wubflip
not-installed"ladspa-wubflip
not-installed"laeqed
not-installed"laf-plugin
not-installed"laf-plugin-javadoc
not-installed"lam
not-installed"lam-32bit
not-installed"lam-devel
installed"lame
not-installed"lame
not-installed"lame-debuginfo
not-installed"lame-debugsource
not-installed"lame-doc
not-installed"lame-mp3rtp
not-installed"lame-mp3rtp-debuginfo
not-installed"lamp_server
not-installed"lapack-devel
not-installed"lapack-devel-32bit
not-installed"lapack-devel-static
not-installed"lapack-man
not-installed"lapacke-devel
not-installed"lapacke-devel-32bit
not-installed"lapacke-devel-static
installed"laptop
not-installed"laptop-mode-tools
not-installed"lasem
not-installed"lasem-devel
not-installed"lash
not-installed"lash-devel
not-installed"lastpass-cli
not-installed"laszip-devel
not-installed"laszip-test
not-installed"latencytop
not-installed"latex2html
not-installed"latex2html-doc
not-installed"latex2html-pngicons
not-installed"latex2rtf
not-installed"latexila
installed"lato-fonts
not-installed"latrace
installed"latte-dock
not-installed"lazarus
not-installed"lazarus
not-installed"lazarus-debuginfo
not-installed"lazarus-debugsource
not-installed"lbdb
not-installed"lbxproxy
not-installed"lbzip2
not-installed"lcdf-typetools
not-installed"lcms
not-installed"lcms2
not-installed"lcov
not-installed"lcurse
not-installed"ld10k1
not-installed"ld10k1-devel
not-installed"ldapfuse
not-installed"ldapvi
not-installed"ldb-tools
not-installed"ldirectord
not-installed"ldmtool
not-installed"ldns
not-installed"ldns-devel
not-installed"ldtp
not-installed"ldvd
not-installed"ldvd
not-installed"leafnode
not-installed"leafpad
not-installed"ledger
not-installed"ledmon
not-installed"leechcraft
not-installed"leechcraft-advancednotifications
not-installed"leechcraft-aggregator
not-installed"leechcraft-aggregator-bodyfetch
not-installed"leechcraft-aggregator-webaccess
not-installed"leechcraft-anhero
not-installed"leechcraft-auscrie
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-abbrev
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-acetamide
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-adiumstyles
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-astrality
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-autoidler
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-autopaste
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-birthdaynotifier
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-chathistory
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-depester
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-doc
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-embedmedia
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-hili
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-isterique
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-juick
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-keeso
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-lastseen
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-metacontacts
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-modnok
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-mucommands
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-murm
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-nativeemoticons
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-otroid
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-rosenthal
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-shx
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-standardstyles
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-vader
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-velvetbird
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-woodpecker
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-xoox
not-installed"leechcraft-azoth-xtazy
not-installed"leechcraft-bittorrent
not-installed"leechcraft-blasq
not-installed"leechcraft-blasq-deathnote
not-installed"leechcraft-blasq-rappor
not-installed"leechcraft-blasq-spegnersi
not-installed"leechcraft-blasq-vangog
not-installed"leechcraft-blogique
not-installed"leechcraft-blogique-hestia
not-installed"leechcraft-blogique-metida
not-installed"leechcraft-certmgr
not-installed"leechcraft-cpuload
not-installed"leechcraft-cstp
not-installed"leechcraft-dbusmanager
not-installed"leechcraft-deadlyrics
not-installed"leechcraft-devel
not-installed"leechcraft-devmon
not-installed"leechcraft-doc
not-installed"leechcraft-dolozhee
not-installed"leechcraft-dumbeep
not-installed"leechcraft-eleeminator
not-installed"leechcraft-fenet
not-installed"leechcraft-fenet-awesome
not-installed"leechcraft-fenet-kwin
not-installed"leechcraft-fenet-openbox
not-installed"leechcraft-gacts
not-installed"leechcraft-glance
not-installed"leechcraft-gmailnotifier
not-installed"leechcraft-harbinger
not-installed"leechcraft-historyholder
not-installed"leechcraft-hotstreams
not-installed"leechcraft-htthare
not-installed"leechcraft-imgaste
not-installed"leechcraft-intermutko
not-installed"leechcraft-kbswitch
not-installed"leechcraft-kinotify
not-installed"leechcraft-knowhow
not-installed"leechcraft-krigstask
not-installed"leechcraft-lackman
not-installed"leechcraft-lastfmscrobble
not-installed"leechcraft-laughty
not-installed"leechcraft-launchy
not-installed"leechcraft-lemon
not-installed"leechcraft-lhtr
not-installed"leechcraft-liznoo
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-brainslugz
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-dumbsync
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-fradj
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-graffiti
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-httstream
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-mp3tunes
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-mtpsync
not-installed"leechcraft-lmp-potorchu
not-installed"leechcraft-mellonetray
not-installed"leechcraft-monocle
not-installed"leechcraft-monocle-dik
not-installed"leechcraft-monocle-doc
not-installed"leechcraft-monocle-fxb
not-installed"leechcraft-monocle-pdf
not-installed"leechcraft-monocle-postrus
not-installed"leechcraft-monocle-seen
not-installed"leechcraft-musiczombie
not-installed"leechcraft-netstoremanager
not-installed"leechcraft-netstoremanager-googledrive
not-installed"leechcraft-networkmonitor
not-installed"leechcraft-newlife
not-installed"leechcraft-ooronee
not-installed"leechcraft-otlozhu
not-installed"leechcraft-pintab
not-installed"leechcraft-pogooglue
not-installed"leechcraft-popishu
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-autosearch
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-cleanweb
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-dcac
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-fatape
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-filescheme
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-fua
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-keywords
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks-delicious
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks-readitlater
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-qrd
not-installed"leechcraft-poshuku-speeddial
not-installed"leechcraft-qrosp
not-installed"leechcraft-rosenthal
not-installed"leechcraft-sb2
not-installed"leechcraft-scroblibre
not-installed"leechcraft-secman
not-installed"leechcraft-secman-simplestorage
not-installed"leechcraft-seekthru
not-installed"leechcraft-summary
not-installed"leechcraft-sysnotify
not-installed"leechcraft-tabsessionmanager
not-installed"leechcraft-tabslist
not-installed"leechcraft-textogroose
not-installed"leechcraft-touchstreams
not-installed"leechcraft-tpi
not-installed"leechcraft-vgrabber
not-installed"leechcraft-vrooby
not-installed"leechcraft-vtyulc
not-installed"leechcraft-xtazy
not-installed"leechcraft-zalil
not-installed"legion-devel
not-installed"lekha
not-installed"lemonbar
installed"lensfun-data
not-installed"lensfun-devel
not-installed"lensfun-doc
not-installed"leptonica
not-installed"leptonica-devel
not-installed"leptonica-tools
installed"less
not-installed"lessons4lizards_en
not-installed"letshelp-certbot
not-installed"leveldb-devel
not-installed"leveldb-devel-static
not-installed"lftp
not-installed"lhasa
not-installed"lhasa-devel
not-installed"lib++dfb-1_7-1
not-installed"lib++dfb-devel
not-installed"lib3270-5_0
not-installed"lib3270-devel
not-installed"lib3ds-1-3
not-installed"lib3ds-devel
not-installed"lib4ti2-0
not-installed"libAPFEL0
not-installed"libAnalitza5
not-installed"libAppStreamQt-devel
installed"libAppStreamQt2
not-installed"libBox2D-devel
not-installed"libBox2D-devel-32bit
not-installed"libBox2D2_3_1
not-installed"libBox2D2_3_1-32bit
not-installed"libBulletFileLoader2_83
not-installed"libBulletInverseDynamicsUtils2_83
not-installed"libBulletWorldImporter2_83
not-installed"libBulletXmlWorldImporter2_83
not-installed"libCGAL10
not-installed"libCharLS1
not-installed"libCoin60
not-installed"libCoin80
not-installed"libCoin80-debuginfo
not-installed"libColPack0
not-installed"libColPack0-32bit
not-installed"libCollage2
not-installed"libCollage2-debuginfo
not-installed"libColorFull0
not-installed"libConvexDecomposition2_83
not-installed"libEMF-devel
not-installed"libEMF-utils
installed"libEMF1
installed"libFLAC++6
not-installed"libFLAC++6-32bit
not-installed"libFLAC++6-debuginfo
installed"libFLAC8
installed"libFLAC8-32bit
not-installed"libFLAC8-debuginfo
not-installed"libFOX-1_6-0
not-installed"libFS-devel
not-installed"libFS-devel-32bit
not-installed"libFS6
not-installed"libFS6-32bit
not-installed"libField3D1_3
not-installed"libField3D1_3-debuginfo
not-installed"libGIMPACTUtils2_83
not-installed"libGLC-devel
not-installed"libGLC0
installed"libGLEW1_13
not-installed"libGLEW1_13-32bit
installed"libGLU1
installed"libGLU1-32bit
not-installed"libGLw-devel
not-installed"libGLw1
not-installed"libGLw1-32bit
not-installed"libGLwM1
not-installed"libGLwM1-32bit
not-installed"libGammu7
not-installed"libGeoIP-devel
not-installed"libGeoIP-devel-32bit
not-installed"libGeoIP1
not-installed"libGeoIP1-32bit
not-installed"libGetDP2_4
not-installed"libGraphicsMagick++-Q16-12
not-installed"libGraphicsMagick++-devel
not-installed"libGraphicsMagick-Q16-3
not-installed"libGraphicsMagick3-config
not-installed"libGraphicsMagickWand-Q16-2
not-installed"libHACD2_83
not-installed"libHBAAPI2
not-installed"libHBAAPI2-devel
not-installed"libHUpnp1
not-installed"libHUpnp1-32bit
not-installed"libHX-devel
not-installed"libHX-devel-32bit
installed"libHX28
not-installed"libHX28-32bit
installed"libHalf11
not-installed"libHalf11-32bit
installed"libHalf12
not-installed"libHalf12-debuginfo
not-installed"libHepMC4
not-installed"libICE-devel
not-installed"libICE-devel-32bit
installed"libICE6
not-installed"libICE6-32bit
not-installed"libIDL-2-0
not-installed"libIDL-2-0-32bit
not-installed"libIL1
not-installed"libIccXML-devel
not-installed"libIccXML2
installed"libIex-2_1-11
not-installed"libIex-2_1-11-32bit
installed"libIex-2_2-12
not-installed"libIex-2_2-12-debuginfo
not-installed"libIexMath-2_1-11
not-installed"libIexMath-2_1-11-32bit
not-installed"libIexMath-2_2-12
not-installed"libIexMath-2_2-12-debuginfo
installed"libIlmImf-Imf_2_1-21
not-installed"libIlmImf-Imf_2_1-21-32bit
installed"libIlmThread-2_1-11
not-installed"libIlmThread-2_1-11-32bit
not-installed"libIlmThread-2_2-12
not-installed"libIlmThread-2_2-12-debuginfo
not-installed"libImath-2_1-11
not-installed"libImath-2_1-11-32bit
not-installed"libImath-2_2-12
not-installed"libImath-2_2-12-debuginfo
installed"libImlib2-1
not-installed"libIrrlicht1_8
not-installed"libJudy1
not-installed"libKChart2
not-installed"libKDb3-3
not-installed"libKEduVocDocument5
installed"libKF5Activities5
not-installed"libKF5Activities5-32bit
installed"libKF5ActivitiesStats1
not-installed"libKF5ActivitiesStats1-32bit
installed"libKF5AkonadiAgentBase5
installed"libKF5AkonadiCalendar5
installed"libKF5AkonadiContact5
installed"libKF5AkonadiCore5
installed"libKF5AkonadiMime5
installed"libKF5AkonadiNotes5
installed"libKF5AkonadiPrivate5
installed"libKF5AkonadiSearch
installed"libKF5AkonadiWidgets5
installed"libKF5AkonadiXml5
installed"libKF5AlarmCalendar5
installed"libKF5Archive5
not-installed"libKF5Archive5-32bit
installed"libKF5Attica5
not-installed"libKF5Attica5-32bit
installed"libKF5Auth5
not-installed"libKF5Auth5-32bit
installed"libKF5Auth5-lang
installed"libKF5Baloo5
not-installed"libKF5Baloo5-32bit
installed"libKF5BalooEngine5
not-installed"libKF5BalooEngine5-32bit
not-installed"libKF5Blog5
installed"libKF5BluezQt6
installed"libKF5Bookmarks5
not-installed"libKF5Bookmarks5-32bit
installed"libKF5Bookmarks5-lang
installed"libKF5CalendarCore5
installed"libKF5CalendarEvents5
not-installed"libKF5CalendarEvents5-32bit
installed"libKF5CalendarSupport5
installed"libKF5CalendarUtils5
installed"libKF5Cddb5
not-installed"libKF5CddbWidgets5
installed"libKF5Codecs5
not-installed"libKF5Codecs5-32bit
installed"libKF5Codecs5-lang
installed"libKF5CompactDisc5
installed"libKF5Completion5
not-installed"libKF5Completion5-32bit
installed"libKF5Completion5-lang
installed"libKF5ConfigCore5
not-installed"libKF5ConfigCore5-32bit
installed"libKF5ConfigCore5-lang
installed"libKF5ConfigGui5
not-installed"libKF5ConfigGui5-32bit
installed"libKF5ConfigWidgets5
not-installed"libKF5ConfigWidgets5-32bit
installed"libKF5ConfigWidgets5-lang
installed"libKF5Contacts5
not-installed"libKF5Contacts5-32bit
installed"libKF5CoreAddons5
not-installed"libKF5CoreAddons5-32bit
installed"libKF5Crash5
not-installed"libKF5Crash5-32bit
installed"libKF5DBusAddons5
not-installed"libKF5DBusAddons5-32bit
installed"libKF5DBusAddons5-lang
installed"libKF5DNSSD5
not-installed"libKF5DNSSD5-32bit
installed"libKF5DNSSD5-lang
installed"libKF5Declarative5
not-installed"libKF5Declarative5-32bit
installed"libKF5Declarative5-lang
installed"libKF5DocTools5
not-installed"libKF5DocTools5-32bit
installed"libKF5Emoticons5
not-installed"libKF5Emoticons5-32bit
installed"libKF5EventViews5
installed"libKF5GlobalAccel5
not-installed"libKF5GlobalAccel5-32bit
installed"libKF5GlobalAccel5-lang
installed"libKF5GlobalAccelPrivate5
installed"libKF5GrantleeTheme5
installed"libKF5Gravatar5
installed"libKF5GuiAddons5
not-installed"libKF5GuiAddons5-32bit
installed"libKF5Holidays5
installed"libKF5I18n5
not-installed"libKF5I18n5-32bit
installed"libKF5I18n5-lang
installed"libKF5IMAP5
installed"libKF5IconThemes5
not-installed"libKF5IconThemes5-32bit
installed"libKF5IconThemes5-lang
installed"libKF5IdentityManagement5
installed"libKF5IdleTime5
not-installed"libKF5IdleTime5-32bit
installed"libKF5IncidenceEditor5
installed"libKF5ItemModels5
not-installed"libKF5ItemModels5-32bit
installed"libKF5ItemViews5
not-installed"libKF5ItemViews5-32bit
installed"libKF5ItemViews5-lang
installed"libKF5JS5
not-installed"libKF5JS5-32bit
installed"libKF5JSApi5
not-installed"libKF5JSApi5-32bit
installed"libKF5JobWidgets5
not-installed"libKF5JobWidgets5-32bit
installed"libKF5JobWidgets5-lang
installed"libKF5JsEmbed5
not-installed"libKF5JsEmbed5-32bit
installed"libKF5JsEmbed5-lang
installed"libKF5KCMUtils5
not-installed"libKF5KCMUtils5-32bit
installed"libKF5KCMUtils5-lang
installed"libKF5KDELibs4Support5
not-installed"libKF5KDELibs4Support5-32bit
not-installed"libKF5KDGantt2-5
installed"libKF5KDcraw5
installed"libKF5KExiv2-15_0_0
not-installed"libKF5KFace10_0_0
not-installed"libKF5KGeoMap10_0_0
installed"libKF5KHtml5
not-installed"libKF5KHtml5-32bit
installed"libKF5KHtml5-lang
installed"libKF5KMahjongglib5
installed"libKF5Kipi32_0_0
installed"libKF5KontactInterface5
installed"libKF5Ldap5
installed"libKF5Libkdepim5
installed"libKF5LibkdepimAkonadi5
installed"libKF5Libkleo5
installed"libKF5MailCommon5
installed"libKF5MailImporter5
installed"libKF5MailImporterAkonadi5
installed"libKF5MailTransport5
installed"libKF5MailTransportAkonadi5
installed"libKF5Mbox5
not-installed"libKF5MediaPlayer5
not-installed"libKF5MediaPlayer5-32bit
installed"libKF5Mime5
not-installed"libKF5ModemManagerQt-devel
installed"libKF5ModemManagerQt6
not-installed"libKF5NetworkManagerQt-devel
not-installed"libKF5NetworkManagerQt-devel-32bit
installed"libKF5NetworkManagerQt6
not-installed"libKF5NetworkManagerQt6-32bit
installed"libKF5NewStuff5
not-installed"libKF5NewStuff5-32bit
installed"libKF5NewStuff5-lang
installed"libKF5NewStuffCore5
not-installed"libKF5NewStuffCore5-32bit
installed"libKF5Notifications5
not-installed"libKF5Notifications5-32bit
installed"libKF5Notifications5-lang
installed"libKF5NotifyConfig5
not-installed"libKF5NotifyConfig5-32bit
installed"libKF5NotifyConfig5-lang
installed"libKF5Parts5
not-installed"libKF5Parts5-32bit
installed"libKF5Parts5-lang
installed"libKF5PimCommon5
installed"libKF5PimCommonAkonadi5
installed"libKF5PimTextEdit5
installed"libKF5Plotting5
not-installed"libKF5Plotting5-32bit
installed"libKF5Prison5
not-installed"libKF5Prison5-32bit
installed"libKF5Pty5
not-installed"libKF5Pty5-32bit
installed"libKF5Pty5-lang
not-installed"libKF5QGpgme5
not-installed"libKF5QGpgme5-32bit
installed"libKF5QuickAddons5
not-installed"libKF5QuickAddons5-32bit
installed"libKF5Runner5
not-installed"libKF5Runner5-32bit
installed"libKF5Sane5
installed"libKF5Screen7
not-installed"libKF5Screen7-32bit
installed"libKF5Solid5
not-installed"libKF5Solid5-32bit
installed"libKF5Solid5-lang
installed"libKF5SonnetCore5
not-installed"libKF5SonnetCore5-32bit
installed"libKF5SonnetCore5-lang
installed"libKF5SonnetUi5
not-installed"libKF5SonnetUi5-32bit
installed"libKF5Style5
not-installed"libKF5Style5-32bit
installed"libKF5Su5
not-installed"libKF5Su5-32bit
installed"libKF5Su5-lang
installed"libKF5Syndication5
installed"libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5
not-installed"libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5-32bit
installed"libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5-lang
installed"libKF5TextWidgets5
not-installed"libKF5TextWidgets5-32bit
installed"libKF5TextWidgets5-lang
installed"libKF5ThreadWeaver5
not-installed"libKF5ThreadWeaver5-32bit
installed"libKF5Tnef5
installed"libKF5UnitConversion5
not-installed"libKF5UnitConversion5-32bit
installed"libKF5UnitConversion5-lang
installed"libKF5Wallet5
not-installed"libKF5Wallet5-32bit
not-installed"libKF5WebKit5
not-installed"libKF5WebKit5-32bit
installed"libKF5WidgetsAddons5
not-installed"libKF5WidgetsAddons5-32bit
installed"libKF5WidgetsAddons5-lang
installed"libKF5WindowSystem5
not-installed"libKF5WindowSystem5-32bit
installed"libKF5WindowSystem5-lang
installed"libKF5XmlGui5
not-installed"libKF5XmlGui5-32bit
installed"libKF5XmlGui5-lang
installed"libKF5XmlRpcClient5
not-installed"libKF5XmlRpcClient5-32bit
installed"libKF5XmlRpcClient5-lang
installed"libKGantt2
not-installed"libKPimGAPIBlogger5
installed"libKPimGAPICalendar5
installed"libKPimGAPIContacts5
installed"libKPimGAPICore5
not-installed"libKPimGAPIDrive5
not-installed"libKPimGAPILatitude5
not-installed"libKPimGAPIMaps5
installed"libKPimGAPITasks5
installed"libKPimKDAV5
not-installed"libKPropertyCore3-3
not-installed"libKPropertyWidgets3-3
not-installed"libKReport3-3
installed"libKScreenLocker5
not-installed"libLASi-devel
not-installed"libLASi1
not-installed"libLHAPDF
installed"libLLVM
installed"libLLVM-32bit
not-installed"libLunchbox3
not-installed"libLunchbox3-debuginfo
installed"libMagick++-6_Q16-3
not-installed"libMagick++-6_Q16-3-32bit
not-installed"libMagick++-devel
not-installed"libMagick++-devel-32bit
installed"libMagickCore-6_Q16-1
not-installed"libMagickCore-6_Q16-1-32bit
installed"libMagickWand-6_Q16-1
not-installed"libMagickWand-6_Q16-1-32bit
not-installed"libMrm4
not-installed"libMrm4-32bit
not-installed"libOIS-1_3_0
not-installed"libOIS-devel
not-installed"libOSC-devel
not-installed"libOSC0
not-installed"libOSC0-debuginfo
not-installed"libOSMesa-devel
not-installed"libOSMesa-devel-32bit
installed"libOSMesa8
installed"libOSMesa8-32bit
not-installed"libOpenCL1
installed"libOpenCOLLADA0
not-installed"libOpenColorIO1
not-installed"libOpenImageIO1_7
not-installed"libOpenImageIO_Util1_7
not-installed"libOpenSceneGraph-devel
not-installed"libOpenSceneGraph130
not-installed"libOpenThreads-devel
not-installed"libOpenThreads20
not-installed"libOyranosSynnefo-devel
not-installed"libOyranosSynnefo-devel-static
not-installed"libOyranosSynnefo1
not-installed"libQTweetLib1_0
not-installed"libQTweetLib1_0-debuginfo
not-installed"libQgpsmm22
not-installed"libQt4Pas5
not-installed"libQt53DCore-devel
not-installed"libQt53DCore5
not-installed"libQt53DCore5-32bit
not-installed"libQt53DInput-devel
not-installed"libQt53DInput5
not-installed"libQt53DInput5-32bit
not-installed"libQt53DLogic-devel
not-installed"libQt53DLogic5
not-installed"libQt53DLogic5-32bit
not-installed"libQt53DQuick-devel
not-installed"libQt53DQuick5
not-installed"libQt53DQuick5-32bit
not-installed"libQt53DQuickInput-devel
not-installed"libQt53DQuickInput5
not-installed"libQt53DQuickInput5-32bit
not-installed"libQt53DQuickRender-devel
not-installed"libQt53DQuickRender5
not-installed"libQt53DQuickRender5-32bit
not-installed"libQt53DRender-devel
not-installed"libQt53DRender5
not-installed"libQt53DRender5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Bluetooth5
not-installed"libQt5Bluetooth5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Bluetooth5-imports
not-installed"libQt5Bootstrap-devel-static
not-installed"libQt5Bootstrap-devel-static-32bit
installed"libQt5CLucene5
not-installed"libQt5CLucene5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Compositor5
not-installed"libQt5Compositor5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Concurrent-devel
not-installed"libQt5Concurrent-devel-32bit
installed"libQt5Concurrent5
not-installed"libQt5Concurrent5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Core-devel
not-installed"libQt5Core-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Core-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5Core5
not-installed"libQt5Core5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5DBus-devel
not-installed"libQt5DBus-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5DBus-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5DBus5
not-installed"libQt5DBus5-32bit
installed"libQt5Designer5
not-installed"libQt5Designer5-32bit
installed"libQt5DesignerComponents5
not-installed"libQt5DesignerComponents5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Gui-devel
not-installed"libQt5Gui-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Gui-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5Gui5
not-installed"libQt5Gui5-32bit
installed"libQt5Help5
not-installed"libQt5Help5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Location5
not-installed"libQt5Location5-32bit
installed"libQt5Multimedia5
not-installed"libQt5Multimedia5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Network-devel
not-installed"libQt5Network-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Network-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5Network5
not-installed"libQt5Network5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Nfc5
not-installed"libQt5Nfc5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Nfc5-imports
not-installed"libQt5OpenGL-devel
not-installed"libQt5OpenGL-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5OpenGL-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5OpenGL5
not-installed"libQt5OpenGL5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5OpenGLExtensions-devel-static
not-installed"libQt5OpenGLExtensions-devel-static-32bit
not-installed"libQt5PlatformHeaders-devel
not-installed"libQt5PlatformSupport-devel-static
not-installed"libQt5PlatformSupport-devel-static-32bit
not-installed"libQt5PlatformSupport-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5Positioning5
not-installed"libQt5Positioning5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5PrintSupport-devel
not-installed"libQt5PrintSupport-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5PrintSupport-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5PrintSupport5
not-installed"libQt5PrintSupport5-32bit
installed"libQt5Script5
not-installed"libQt5Script5-32bit
installed"libQt5Sensors5
not-installed"libQt5Sensors5-32bit
installed"libQt5Sensors5-imports
installed"libQt5SerialPort5
not-installed"libQt5SerialPort5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Sql-devel
not-installed"libQt5Sql-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Sql-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5Sql5
not-installed"libQt5Sql5-32bit
installed"libQt5Sql5-mysql
not-installed"libQt5Sql5-mysql-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Sql5-postgresql
not-installed"libQt5Sql5-postgresql-32bit
installed"libQt5Sql5-sqlite
not-installed"libQt5Sql5-sqlite-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Sql5-unixODBC
not-installed"libQt5Sql5-unixODBC-32bit
installed"libQt5Svg5
not-installed"libQt5Svg5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Test-devel
not-installed"libQt5Test-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Test-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5Test5
not-installed"libQt5Test5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5WaylandClient5
not-installed"libQt5WaylandClient5-32bit
installed"libQt5WebChannel5
not-installed"libQt5WebChannel5-32bit
installed"libQt5WebChannel5-imports
not-installed"libQt5WebKit-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5WebKit5
not-installed"libQt5WebKit5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5WebKit5-devel
not-installed"libQt5WebKit5-devel-32bit
installed"libQt5WebKit5-imports
not-installed"libQt5WebKitWidgets-devel
not-installed"libQt5WebKitWidgets-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5WebKitWidgets-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5WebKitWidgets5
not-installed"libQt5WebKitWidgets5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5WebSockets5
not-installed"libQt5WebSockets5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5WebSockets5-imports
not-installed"libQt5Widgets-devel
not-installed"libQt5Widgets-devel-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Widgets-private-headers-devel
installed"libQt5Widgets5
not-installed"libQt5Widgets5-32bit
installed"libQt5X11Extras5
not-installed"libQt5X11Extras5-32bit
not-installed"libQt5Xdg2
not-installed"libQt5XdgIconLoader-devel
not-installed"libQt5XdgIconLoader2
not-installed"libQt5Xml-devel
not-installed"libQt5Xml-devel-32bit
installed"libQt5Xml5
not-installed"libQt5Xml5-32bit
installed"libQt5XmlPatterns5
not-installed"libQt5XmlPatterns5-32bit
installed"libQtAV1
not-installed"libQtAV1-debuginfo
installed"libQtAVWidgets1
not-installed"libQtAVWidgets1-debuginfo
not-installed"libQtAssistantClient4
not-installed"libQtAssistantClient4-32bit
installed"libQtQuick5
not-installed"libQtQuick5-32bit
not-installed"libQtSolutions_SOAP-2_7-1
not-installed"libQtSolutions_SOAP-2_7-1-32bit
not-installed"libQtWebKit-devel
installed"libQtWebKit4
not-installed"libQtWebKit4-32bit
not-installed"libRaTools0
not-installed"libRivet-2_5_2
installed"libSDL-1_2-0
installed"libSDL-1_2-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL-devel
not-installed"libSDL-devel-32bit
installed"libSDL2-2_0-0
not-installed"libSDL2-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2-devel
not-installed"libSDL2-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_gfx-1_0-0
not-installed"libSDL2_gfx-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_gfx-devel
not-installed"libSDL2_gfx-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_image-2_0-0
not-installed"libSDL2_image-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_image-devel
not-installed"libSDL2_image-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_mixer-2_0-0
not-installed"libSDL2_mixer-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_mixer-devel
not-installed"libSDL2_mixer-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_net-2_0-0
not-installed"libSDL2_net-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_net-devel
not-installed"libSDL2_net-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_ttf-2_0-0
not-installed"libSDL2_ttf-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL2_ttf-devel
not-installed"libSDL2_ttf-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_Pango-devel
not-installed"libSDL_Pango-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_Pango1
not-installed"libSDL_Pango1-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_bgi-devel
not-installed"libSDL_bgi0
not-installed"libSDL_gfx-devel
not-installed"libSDL_gfx-devel-32bit
installed"libSDL_gfx15
not-installed"libSDL_gfx15-32bit
installed"libSDL_image-1_2-0
not-installed"libSDL_image-1_2-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_image-devel
not-installed"libSDL_image-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_mixer-1_2-0
not-installed"libSDL_mixer-1_2-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_mixer-devel
not-installed"libSDL_mixer-devel-32bit
installed"libSDL_net-1_2-0
not-installed"libSDL_net-1_2-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_net-devel
not-installed"libSDL_net-devel-32bit
installed"libSDL_sound-1_0-1
not-installed"libSDL_sound-1_0-1-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_sound-devel
not-installed"libSDL_sound-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_ttf-2_0-0
not-installed"libSDL_ttf-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libSDL_ttf-devel
not-installed"libSDL_ttf-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSDLmm-0_1-8
not-installed"libSDLmm-0_1-8-32bit
not-installed"libSDLmm-devel
not-installed"libSDLmm-devel-32bit
not-installed"libSHERPA-MC-config
not-installed"libSHERPA-MC0
not-installed"libSM-devel
not-installed"libSM-devel-32bit
installed"libSM6
not-installed"libSM6-32bit
not-installed"libSOIL-devel
not-installed"libSOIL1
not-installed"libSPIRV-Tools-1_1
not-installed"libSampleICC-devel
not-installed"libSampleICC1
not-installed"libSimGearCore-2017_1_2
not-installed"libSoQt20
not-installed"libSoQt20-debuginfo
installed"libSoundTouch0
not-installed"libSoundTouch0-32bit
not-installed"libSwiften3
not-installed"libUil4
not-installed"libUil4-32bit
installed"libX11-6
installed"libX11-6-32bit
installed"libX11-data
installed"libX11-devel
not-installed"libX11-devel-32bit
installed"libX11-xcb1
installed"libX11-xcb1-32bit
not-installed"libXNVCtrl
not-installed"libXNVCtrl
installed"libXRes1
not-installed"libXRes1-32bit
not-installed"libXScrnSaver-devel
not-installed"libXScrnSaver-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXTrap-devel
not-installed"libXTrap-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXTrap6
not-installed"libXTrap6-32bit
installed"libXau-devel
not-installed"libXau-devel-32bit
installed"libXau6
installed"libXau6-32bit
not-installed"libXaw-devel
not-installed"libXaw-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXaw3d-devel
not-installed"libXaw3d-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXaw3d6
not-installed"libXaw3d6-32bit
not-installed"libXaw3d7
not-installed"libXaw3d7-32bit
not-installed"libXaw3d8
not-installed"libXaw3d8-32bit
not-installed"libXaw3dXft
not-installed"libXaw3dXft-debugsource
not-installed"libXaw3dxft-devel
not-installed"libXaw3dxft8
not-installed"libXaw3dxft8-debuginfo
not-installed"libXaw6
not-installed"libXaw6-32bit
installed"libXaw7
not-installed"libXaw7-32bit
not-installed"libXaw8
not-installed"libXaw8-32bit
not-installed"libXbgi-devel
not-installed"libXbgi1
not-installed"libXcm-devel
not-installed"libXcm0
not-installed"libXcmDDC0
not-installed"libXcmEDID0
not-installed"libXcmX11-0
not-installed"libXcomposite-devel
not-installed"libXcomposite-devel-32bit
installed"libXcomposite1
installed"libXcomposite1-32bit
not-installed"libXcursor
not-installed"libXcursor-devel
not-installed"libXcursor-devel-32bit
installed"libXcursor1
installed"libXcursor1-32bit
installed"libXdamage-devel
not-installed"libXdamage-devel-32bit
installed"libXdamage1
installed"libXdamage1-32bit
not-installed"libXdmcp-devel
not-installed"libXdmcp-devel-32bit
installed"libXdmcp6
installed"libXdmcp6-32bit
not-installed"libXevie-devel
not-installed"libXevie-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXevie1
not-installed"libXevie1-32bit
installed"libXext-devel
not-installed"libXext-devel-32bit
installed"libXext6
installed"libXext6-32bit
installed"libXfixes-devel
not-installed"libXfixes-devel-32bit
installed"libXfixes3
installed"libXfixes3-32bit
not-installed"libXfont
not-installed"libXfont-devel
not-installed"libXfont-devel-32bit
installed"libXfont1
not-installed"libXfont1-32bit
not-installed"libXfont2-2
not-installed"libXfont2-2-32bit
not-installed"libXfont2-devel
not-installed"libXfont2-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXfontcache-devel
not-installed"libXfontcache-devel-32bit
installed"libXfontcache1
not-installed"libXfontcache1-32bit
installed"libXft-devel
not-installed"libXft-devel-32bit
installed"libXft2
installed"libXft2-32bit
not-installed"libXi
not-installed"libXi-devel
not-installed"libXi-devel-32bit
installed"libXi6
installed"libXi6-32bit
not-installed"libXinerama-devel
not-installed"libXinerama-devel-32bit
installed"libXinerama1
installed"libXinerama1-32bit
not-installed"libXiterm-devel
not-installed"libXiterm1
not-installed"libXm4
not-installed"libXm4-32bit
not-installed"libXmu-devel
not-installed"libXmu-devel-32bit
installed"libXmu6
not-installed"libXmu6-32bit
installed"libXmuu1
not-installed"libXmuu1-32bit
not-installed"libXp-devel
not-installed"libXp-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXp6
not-installed"libXp6-32bit
not-installed"libXpm-devel
not-installed"libXpm-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXpm-tools
installed"libXpm4
installed"libXpm4-32bit
not-installed"libXprintAppUtil-devel
not-installed"libXprintAppUtil-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXprintAppUtil1
not-installed"libXprintAppUtil1-32bit
not-installed"libXprintUtil-devel
not-installed"libXprintUtil-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXprintUtil1
not-installed"libXprintUtil1-32bit
not-installed"libXrandr-devel
not-installed"libXrandr-devel-32bit
installed"libXrandr2
installed"libXrandr2-32bit
installed"libXrender-devel
not-installed"libXrender-devel-32bit
installed"libXrender1
installed"libXrender1-32bit
not-installed"libXres-devel
not-installed"libXres-devel-32bit
installed"libXss1
not-installed"libXss1-32bit
not-installed"libXt-devel
not-installed"libXt-devel-32bit
installed"libXt6
not-installed"libXt6-32bit
not-installed"libXtst-devel
not-installed"libXtst-devel-32bit
installed"libXtst6
not-installed"libXtst6-32bit
not-installed"libXv-devel
not-installed"libXv-devel-32bit
installed"libXv1
not-installed"libXv1-32bit
not-installed"libXvMC-devel
not-installed"libXvMC-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXvMC1
not-installed"libXvMC1-32bit
not-installed"libXvMC_nouveau
not-installed"libXvMC_nouveau-32bit
not-installed"libXvMC_r600
not-installed"libXvMC_r600-32bit
not-installed"libXvnc-devel
installed"libXvnc1
not-installed"libXxf86dga-devel
not-installed"libXxf86dga-devel-32bit
not-installed"libXxf86dga1
not-installed"libXxf86dga1-32bit
not-installed"libXxf86misc-devel
not-installed"libXxf86misc-devel-32bit
installed"libXxf86misc1
not-installed"libXxf86misc1-32bit
installed"libXxf86vm-devel
not-installed"libXxf86vm-devel-32bit
installed"libXxf86vm1
installed"libXxf86vm1-32bit
not-installed"libYODA-1_6_5
installed"liba52-0
not-installed"liba52-0-32bit
not-installed"liba52-0-debuginfo
not-installed"liba52-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"liba52-devel
installed"libaa1
not-installed"libaa1-32bit
not-installed"libaacs
not-installed"libaacs-debugsource
not-installed"libaacs-devel
not-installed"libaacs0
not-installed"libaacs0-debuginfo
not-installed"libaal-1_0-6
not-installed"libaal-devel
not-installed"libaal-devel-static
not-installed"libaal-minimal0
not-installed"libabigail-devel
not-installed"libabigail-tools
not-installed"libabigail0
not-installed"libabiword-3_0
not-installed"libabiword-3_0-devel
installed"libabw-0_1-1
not-installed"libabw-devel
not-installed"libabw-devel-doc
not-installed"libabw-tools
not-installed"libaccounts-glib-devel
not-installed"libaccounts-glib-docs
not-installed"libaccounts-glib-tools
installed"libaccounts-glib0
not-installed"libaccounts-glib0-32bit
installed"libaccounts-qt5-1
not-installed"libaccounts-qt5-devel
not-installed"libaccounts-qt5-doc
not-installed"libaccounts-qt5-tools
not-installed"libaccountsservice0
not-installed"libacl-devel
not-installed"libacl-devel-32bit
installed"libacl1
installed"libacl1-32bit
not-installed"libacr38ucontrol0
not-installed"libada48
not-installed"libada48-32bit
not-installed"libada5
not-installed"libada5-32bit
not-installed"libada6
not-installed"libada6-32bit
not-installed"libada7
not-installed"libada7-32bit
not-installed"libadns-devel
not-installed"libadns-devel-32bit
installed"libadns1
not-installed"libadns1-32bit
not-installed"libadolc2
not-installed"libadolc2-32bit
not-installed"libaften-devel
not-installed"libaften0
not-installed"libaften0-debuginfo
not-installed"libagg2
not-installed"libagg2-32bit
installed"libaio-devel
not-installed"libaio-devel-32bit
installed"libaio1
not-installed"libaio1-32bit
not-installed"libairspy0
installed"libakonadi4
not-installed"libakonadi4-32bit
not-installed"libakonadiprotocolinternals-devel
installed"libakonadiprotocolinternals1
not-installed"libakonadiprotocolinternals1-32bit
not-installed"libalac-devel
not-installed"libalac0
not-installed"libalkimia-devel
not-installed"libalkimia4
not-installed"liballeg-devel
not-installed"liballeg4_4
not-installed"liballeg4_4-32bit
not-installed"liballeggl-devel
not-installed"liballeggl4_4
not-installed"liballeggl4_4-32bit
not-installed"libalut0
not-installed"libalut0-32bit
installed"libamd-2_4_1
not-installed"libamrnb-devel
not-installed"libamrnb3
not-installed"libamrnb3-debuginfo
not-installed"libamrwb-devel
not-installed"libamrwb3
not-installed"libamrwb3-debuginfo
not-installed"libangelscript-2_29_2
not-installed"libanjuta-3-0
not-installed"libantlr3c-3_4
not-installed"libao-devel
installed"libao-plugins4
not-installed"libao-plugins4-32bit
installed"libao4
not-installed"libao4-32bit
not-installed"libap4-1_5_0r615
not-installed"libap4-1_5_0r615-debuginfo
installed"libapparmor-devel
installed"libapparmor1
not-installed"libapparmor1-32bit
not-installed"libappindicator-devel
not-installed"libappindicator-doc
not-installed"libappindicator1
not-installed"libappindicator3-1
not-installed"libappindicator3-devel
not-installed"libappstream-builder8
not-installed"libappstream-glib8
installed"libappstream4
installed"libapr-util1
not-installed"libapr-util1
not-installed"libapr-util1-dbd-mysql
not-installed"libapr-util1-dbd-pgsql
not-installed"libapr-util1-dbd-sqlite3
not-installed"libapr-util1-devel
installed"libapr1
not-installed"libapr1-devel
not-installed"libarchive-devel
installed"libarchive13
not-installed"libarchive13-32bit
not-installed"libargon2-0
not-installed"libargtable2-0
not-installed"libargtable2-devel
not-installed"libaria2-0
not-installed"libarmadillo7
not-installed"libarmadillo7-32bit
not-installed"libarpack2
not-installed"libarpack2-32bit
not-installed"libarpec0
installed"libart_lgpl-devel
not-installed"libart_lgpl-devel-32bit
installed"libart_lgpl_2-2
not-installed"libart_lgpl_2-2-32bit
installed"libasan0
not-installed"libasan0-32bit
not-installed"libasan2
not-installed"libasan2-32bit
not-installed"libasan3
not-installed"libasan3-32bit
not-installed"libasan4
not-installed"libasan4-32bit
not-installed"libasm-devel
installed"libasm1
not-installed"libasm1-32bit
not-installed"libasn1c-devel
not-installed"libasn1c0
installed"libasound2
installed"libasound2-32bit
installed"libaspell15
not-installed"libaspell15-32bit
not-installed"libass-devel
installed"libass5
not-installed"libass5-32bit
not-installed"libassuan-devel
installed"libassuan0
not-installed"libassuan0-32bit
installed"libastro1
not-installed"libasyncns-devel
not-installed"libasyncns0
not-installed"libatalk16
not-installed"libatasmart-devel
not-installed"libatasmart-utils
installed"libatasmart4
not-installed"libathemecore1
installed"libatk-1_0-0
installed"libatk-1_0-0-32bit
installed"libatk-bridge-2_0-0
not-installed"libatk-bridge-2_0-0-32bit
installed"libatkmm-1_6-1
not-installed"libatkmm-1_6-1-32bit
not-installed"libatlascpp-0_6-1
installed"libatm1
installed"libatomic1
not-installed"libatomic1-32bit
not-installed"libatomic1-gcc48
not-installed"libatomic1-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libatomic1-gcc5
not-installed"libatomic1-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libatomic1-gcc6
not-installed"libatomic1-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libatomic_ops-devel
not-installed"libatomicparsley0
not-installed"libatrildocument3
not-installed"libatrilview3
installed"libatspi0
not-installed"libatspi0-32bit
not-installed"libattica-devel
not-installed"libattica-devel-32bit
installed"libattica0_4
not-installed"libattica0_4-32bit
not-installed"libattr-devel
not-installed"libattr-devel-32bit
not-installed"libattr-devel-static
installed"libattr1
installed"libattr1-32bit
not-installed"libaubio-devel
not-installed"libaubio4
not-installed"libaubio4-32bit
not-installed"libaudclient-devel
not-installed"libaudclient2
not-installed"libaudclient2
not-installed"libaudclient2-debuginfo
not-installed"libaudclient2-debugsource
not-installed"libaudcore4
not-installed"libaudcore4-debuginfo
not-installed"libaudgui4
not-installed"libaudgui4-debuginfo
installed"libaudiofile1
installed"libaudiofile1-32bit
installed"libaudit1
installed"libaudit1-32bit
not-installed"libaudqt1
not-installed"libaudqt1-debuginfo
not-installed"libaudtag3
not-installed"libaudtag3-debuginfo
installed"libaugeas0
not-installed"libaugeas0-32bit
installed"libauparse0
not-installed"libauparse0-32bit
not-installed"libautotrace3
installed"libavahi-client3
installed"libavahi-client3-32bit
installed"libavahi-common3
installed"libavahi-common3-32bit
installed"libavahi-core7
not-installed"libavahi-devel
not-installed"libavahi-glib-devel
installed"libavahi-glib1
not-installed"libavahi-glib1-32bit
not-installed"libavahi-gobject-devel
installed"libavahi-gobject0
not-installed"libavahi-qt4-1
not-installed"libavahi-qt4-devel
not-installed"libavahi-ui-gtk3-0
not-installed"libavahi-ui0
not-installed"libavc1394
installed"libavc1394-0
not-installed"libavc1394-0-32bit
not-installed"libavc1394-devel
not-installed"libavc1394-devel-32bit
not-installed"libavcodec-2.8-devel
not-installed"libavcodec-3.2-devel
not-installed"libavcodec-devel
installed"libavcodec56
not-installed"libavcodec56-32bit
not-installed"libavcodec56-debuginfo
not-installed"libavcodec56-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libavcodec57
not-installed"libavcodec57-32bit
not-installed"libavcodec57-debuginfo
not-installed"libavcodec57-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libavdevice-2.8-devel
not-installed"libavdevice-3.2-devel
not-installed"libavdevice-devel
not-installed"libavdevice56
not-installed"libavdevice56-32bit
not-installed"libavdevice56-debuginfo
not-installed"libavdevice56-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libavdevice57
not-installed"libavdevice57-32bit
not-installed"libavdevice57-debuginfo
not-installed"libavdevice57-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libavfilter-2.8-devel
not-installed"libavfilter-3.2-devel
not-installed"libavfilter-devel
not-installed"libavfilter5
not-installed"libavfilter5-32bit
not-installed"libavfilter5-debuginfo
not-installed"libavfilter5-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libavfilter6
not-installed"libavfilter6-32bit
not-installed"libavfilter6-debuginfo
not-installed"libavfilter6-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libavformat-2.8-devel
not-installed"libavformat-3.2-devel
not-installed"libavformat-devel
installed"libavformat56
not-installed"libavformat56-32bit
not-installed"libavformat56-debuginfo
not-installed"libavformat56-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libavformat57
not-installed"libavformat57-32bit
not-installed"libavformat57-debuginfo
not-installed"libavformat57-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libavfs0
not-installed"libavifile-devel
not-installed"libaviplay-0_7-0
not-installed"libaviplay-0_7-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libavogadro1
not-installed"libavogadro1-32bit
not-installed"libavogadrolibs-suse0
not-installed"libavresample-2.8-devel
not-installed"libavresample-3.2-devel
not-installed"libavresample-devel
not-installed"libavresample2
not-installed"libavresample2-32bit
not-installed"libavresample2-debuginfo
not-installed"libavresample2-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libavresample3
not-installed"libavresample3-32bit
not-installed"libavresample3-debuginfo
not-installed"libavresample3-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libavutil-2.8-devel
not-installed"libavutil-3.2-devel
not-installed"libavutil-devel
installed"libavutil54
not-installed"libavutil54-32bit
not-installed"libavutil54-debuginfo
not-installed"libavutil54-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libavutil55
not-installed"libavutil55-32bit
not-installed"libavutil55-debuginfo
not-installed"libavutil55-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libavxsynth0
not-installed"libavxsynth0-debuginfo
not-installed"libb64
not-installed"libb64-0
not-installed"libb64-devel
installed"libbabl-0_1-0
not-installed"libbamf3-2
installed"libbase
not-installed"libbase-javadoc
not-installed"libbasicobjects-devel
not-installed"libbasicobjects-devel-32bit
not-installed"libbasicobjects0
not-installed"libbasicobjects0-32bit
not-installed"libbcc0
not-installed"libbctoolbox-tester0
not-installed"libbctoolbox-tester0-32bit
not-installed"libbctoolbox-tester0-debuginfo
not-installed"libbctoolbox0
not-installed"libbctoolbox0-32bit
not-installed"libbctoolbox0-debuginfo
not-installed"libbcunit1
not-installed"libbcunit1-32bit
not-installed"libbde-devel
not-installed"libbde-tools
not-installed"libbde1
not-installed"libbdplus
not-installed"libbdplus-debugsource
not-installed"libbdplus-devel
not-installed"libbdplus0
not-installed"libbdplus0-debuginfo
not-installed"libbeecrypt-devel
not-installed"libbeecrypt6
not-installed"libbelcard1
not-installed"libbelcard1-32bit
not-installed"libbellesip0
not-installed"libbellesip0-debuginfo
not-installed"libbelr1
not-installed"libbelr1-32bit
not-installed"libbenchmark0
not-installed"libbfio-devel
not-installed"libbfio1
not-installed"libbiblesync1_1
not-installed"libbinio-devel
not-installed"libbinio1
not-installed"libbinio1
not-installed"libbinio1-debuginfo
not-installed"libbinio1-debugsource
not-installed"libbitcoinconsensus-devel
not-installed"libbitcoinconsensus0
not-installed"libbitmask-devel
not-installed"libbitmask1
not-installed"libblacs2-openmpi
not-installed"libblacs2-openmpi-devel
not-installed"libblacs2-openmpi-devel-static
not-installed"libbladeRF1
installed"libblas3
not-installed"libblas3-32bit
not-installed"libblitz0
installed"libblkid-devel
not-installed"libblkid-devel-32bit
not-installed"libblkid-devel-static
installed"libblkid1
not-installed"libblkid1-32bit
not-installed"libblosc1
installed"libbluetooth3
not-installed"libbluetooth3-32bit
not-installed"libbluray-bdj
not-installed"libbluray-devel
not-installed"libbluray-tools
installed"libbluray2
not-installed"libbluray2-32bit
not-installed"libbml-devel
not-installed"libbml1
not-installed"libbml1-debuginfo
not-installed"libboinc7
not-installed"libbonobo
not-installed"libbonobo-32bit
not-installed"libbonobo-devel
not-installed"libbonobo-doc
not-installed"libbonobo-lang
not-installed"libbonoboui
not-installed"libbonoboui-32bit
not-installed"libbonoboui-devel
not-installed"libbonoboui-doc
not-installed"libbonoboui-lang
not-installed"libbonoboui-tools
not-installed"libboost_atomic1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_atomic1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_atomic1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_atomic1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_atomic1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_atomic1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_chrono1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_chrono1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_chrono1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_container1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_container1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_container1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_container1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_context1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_context1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_context1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_context1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_context1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_context1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_coroutine1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_coroutine1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_coroutine1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_coroutine1_61_0-32bit
installed"libboost_date_time1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_date_time1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_date_time1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_date_time1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_date_time1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_date_time1_61_0-32bit
installed"libboost_filesystem1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_filesystem1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_filesystem1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_filesystem1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_filesystem1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_filesystem1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_graph1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_graph1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_graph1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_graph1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_graph1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_graph1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_graph_parallel1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_graph_parallel1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_graph_parallel1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_graph_parallel1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_graph_parallel1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_graph_parallel1_61_0-32bit
installed"libboost_iostreams1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_iostreams1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_iostreams1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_iostreams1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_iostreams1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_iostreams1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_locale1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_locale1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_locale1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_locale1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_log1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_log1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_log1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_math1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_math1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_math1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_math1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_math1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_math1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_mpi1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_mpi1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_mpi1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_mpi1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_mpi1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_mpi1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_program_options1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_program_options1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_program_options1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_program_options1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_program_options1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_program_options1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_python1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_python1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_python1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_python1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_python1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_python1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_python3-1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_random1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_random1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_random1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_random1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_random1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_random1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_regex1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_regex1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_regex1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_regex1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_regex1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_regex1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_serialization1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_serialization1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_serialization1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_serialization1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_serialization1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_serialization1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_signals1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_signals1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_signals1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_signals1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_signals1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_signals1_61_0-32bit
installed"libboost_system1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_system1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_system1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_system1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_system1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_system1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_test1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_test1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_test1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_test1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_test1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_test1_61_0-32bit
installed"libboost_thread1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_thread1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_thread1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_thread1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_thread1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_thread1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_timer1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_timer1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_timer1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_type_erasure1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_type_erasure1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_wave1_54_0
not-installed"libboost_wave1_54_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_wave1_58_0
not-installed"libboost_wave1_58_0-32bit
not-installed"libboost_wave1_61_0
not-installed"libboost_wave1_61_0-32bit
not-installed"libbotan-1_10-1
not-installed"libbotan-1_10-1-32bit
not-installed"libbotan-devel
not-installed"libbotan-devel-32bit
not-installed"libbraille
not-installed"libbraille-devel
not-installed"libbraille-fake
not-installed"libbrasero-burn3-1
not-installed"libbrasero-media3-1
not-installed"libbrasero-utils3-1
not-installed"libbrlapi0_6
not-installed"libbrotli-devel
not-installed"libbrotlidec0
not-installed"libbrotlienc0
not-installed"libbs2b
not-installed"libbs2b-devel
not-installed"libbs2b-devel-32bit
installed"libbs2b0
not-installed"libbs2b0-32bit
not-installed"libbs2b0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libbsd-ctor-static
not-installed"libbsd-devel
not-installed"libbsd0
not-installed"libbtf-1_2_1
not-installed"libbtrfs-devel
installed"libbtrfs0
not-installed"libbullet-devel
not-installed"libbullet2_83
not-installed"libburn-devel
installed"libburn4
not-installed"libbuzztrax-core-devel
not-installed"libbuzztrax-core1
not-installed"libbuzztrax-core1-debuginfo
not-installed"libbuzztrax-gst-devel
not-installed"libbuzztrax-gst1
not-installed"libbuzztrax-gst1-debuginfo
not-installed"libbuzztrax-ic-devel
not-installed"libbuzztrax-ic1
not-installed"libbuzztrax-ic1-debuginfo
installed"libbz2-1
installed"libbz2-1-32bit
installed"libbz2-devel
not-installed"libbz2-devel-32bit
not-installed"libbzrtp0
not-installed"libbzrtp0-32bit
not-installed"libbzrtp0-debuginfo
not-installed"libc-client2007e_suse
not-installed"libcaca-devel
not-installed"libcaca-python
not-installed"libcaca-ruby
installed"libcaca0
not-installed"libcaca0-32bit
not-installed"libcaca0-plugins
not-installed"libcaca0-plugins-32bit
not-installed"libcacard
not-installed"libcacard-devel
not-installed"libcacard0
not-installed"libcaes-devel
not-installed"libcaes1
installed"libcairo-gobject2
not-installed"libcairo-gobject2-32bit
installed"libcairo-script-interpreter2
not-installed"libcairo-script-interpreter2-32bit
installed"libcairo2
installed"libcairo2-32bit
installed"libcairomm-1_0-1
not-installed"libcairomm-1_0-1-32bit
not-installed"libcaja-extension1
installed"libcalc1
installed"libcamd-2_4_1
not-installed"libcamel-1_2-57
not-installed"libcamel-1_2-57-32bit
not-installed"libcamel-1_2-59
not-installed"libcamel-1_2-59-32bit
not-installed"libcamgm-devel
not-installed"libcamgm-devel-32bit
not-installed"libcamgm100
not-installed"libcamgm100-32bit
not-installed"libcanberra-devel
not-installed"libcanberra-gtk-devel
installed"libcanberra-gtk-module-common
installed"libcanberra-gtk0
installed"libcanberra-gtk0-32bit
installed"libcanberra-gtk2-module
installed"libcanberra-gtk2-module-32bit
installed"libcanberra-gtk3-0
not-installed"libcanberra-gtk3-0-32bit
not-installed"libcanberra-gtk3-devel
installed"libcanberra-gtk3-module
not-installed"libcanberra-gtk3-module-32bit
installed"libcanberra0
installed"libcanberra0-32bit
not-installed"libcantorlibs17
not-installed"libcap-devel
not-installed"libcap-ng-devel
not-installed"libcap-ng-utils
installed"libcap-ng0
not-installed"libcap-ng0-32bit
not-installed"libcap-progs
not-installed"libcap1
not-installed"libcap1-32bit
installed"libcap2
installed"libcap2-32bit
not-installed"libcapi20-2
not-installed"libcapi20-2-32bit
installed"libcapi20-3
installed"libcapi20-3-32bit
not-installed"libcapifax-devel
not-installed"libcapifax0
not-installed"libcapifax0-debuginfo
not-installed"libcares-devel
not-installed"libcares2
not-installed"libcares2-32bit
not-installed"libcaribou0
not-installed"libcblas3
not-installed"libcblas3-32bit
not-installed"libccaudio2-1_0-0
not-installed"libccaudio2-1_0-0-32bit
installed"libccolamd-2_9_1
not-installed"libccrtp3
not-installed"libccscript3-1_1-0
not-installed"libcdata-devel
not-installed"libcdata1
not-installed"libcdatetime-devel
not-installed"libcdatetime1
not-installed"libcdaudio-devel
not-installed"libcdaudio1
not-installed"libcdaudio1-32bit
not-installed"libcdd0
installed"libcdda_interface0
not-installed"libcdda_interface0-32bit
installed"libcdda_paranoia0
not-installed"libcdda_paranoia0-32bit
not-installed"libcddb-devel
not-installed"libcddb-utils
installed"libcddb2
not-installed"libcddb2-32bit
not-installed"libcdio++0
not-installed"libcdio++0-32bit
not-installed"libcdio-devel
not-installed"libcdio-paranoia-devel
installed"libcdio16
not-installed"libcdio16-32bit
installed"libcdio_cdda2
not-installed"libcdio_cdda2-32bit
installed"libcdio_paranoia2
not-installed"libcdio_paranoia2-32bit
not-installed"libcdirectory-devel
not-installed"libcdirectory1
not-installed"libcdk5
not-installed"libcdr
installed"libcdr-0_1-1
not-installed"libcdr-devel
not-installed"libcdr-devel-doc
not-installed"libcdr-tools
not-installed"libcec
not-installed"libcec-debugsource
not-installed"libcec-devel
not-installed"libcec3
not-installed"libcec4
not-installed"libcec4-debuginfo
not-installed"libcelt-devel
installed"libcelt0-2
not-installed"libcelt0-2-32bit
not-installed"libcelt051-0
not-installed"libcephfs-devel
not-installed"libcephfs2
not-installed"libcerf-devel
not-installed"libcerf1
not-installed"libcerror-devel
not-installed"libcerror1
not-installed"libcetcd0
not-installed"libcfile-devel
not-installed"libcfile1
not-installed"libcfitsio5
not-installed"libcgroup-devel
not-installed"libcgroup-tools
not-installed"libcgroup1
not-installed"libcgroup1-32bit
not-installed"libchamplain-0_12-0
not-installed"libchamplain-devel
not-installed"libchardet-devel
not-installed"libchardet1
not-installed"libchardet1-32bit
not-installed"libchck0
not-installed"libcheck0
not-installed"libcheck0-32bit
not-installed"libcheese-common
not-installed"libcheese-gtk25
not-installed"libcheese8
not-installed"libchewing-devel
not-installed"libchewing3
not-installed"libchewing3-32bit
not-installed"libchipcard
not-installed"libchipcard-devel
not-installed"libchipcard6
installed"libchm0
not-installed"libchm0-32bit
installed"libcholmod-3_0_6
not-installed"libchromaprint-devel
installed"libchromaprint1
not-installed"libchromaprint1-32bit
not-installed"libchromaprint1-debuginfo
not-installed"libcilkrts5
not-installed"libcilkrts5-32bit
not-installed"libcilkrts5-gcc5
not-installed"libcilkrts5-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libcilkrts5-gcc6
not-installed"libcilkrts5-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libcinnamon-control-center1
not-installed"libcinnamon-desktop-data
not-installed"libcinnamon-desktop-data-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"libcinnamon-desktop-data-branding-upstream
not-installed"libcinnamon-desktop-devel
not-installed"libcinnamon-desktop-lang
not-installed"libcinnamon-desktop4
not-installed"libcinnamon-desktop4-32bit
not-installed"libcinnamon-menu-3-0
not-installed"libcinnamon-menu-3-0-32bit
not-installed"libcinnamon-menu-3-devel
not-installed"libcjs0
not-installed"libcjs0-32bit
installed"libclang
not-installed"libclang-32bit
not-installed"libclastfm-devel
not-installed"libclastfm0
not-installed"libclaw-devel
not-installed"libclaw-doc
not-installed"libclaw1
not-installed"libclc
not-installed"libcld2-0
not-installed"libclocale-devel
not-installed"libclocale1
installed"libcloog-isl4
not-installed"libcloog-isl4-32bit
installed"libclucene-contribs-lib1
installed"libclucene-core1
not-installed"libclucene-core1-32bit
installed"libclucene-shared1
not-installed"libclucene-shared1-32bit
not-installed"libclucene-unstable-devel
not-installed"libclucene-unstable-devel-static
not-installed"libclucene-unstable1
not-installed"libclucene-unstable1-debuginfo
installed"libclutter-1_0-0
not-installed"libclutter-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libclutter-gst-2_0-0
not-installed"libclutter-gst-2_0-0-32bit
installed"libclutter-gst-3_0-0
not-installed"libclutter-gst-3_0-0-32bit
installed"libclutter-gtk-1_0-0
not-installed"libclutter-gtk-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libcmark0_27_1
installed"libcmis-0_5-5
not-installed"libcmis-c-0_5-5
not-installed"libcmis-c-devel
not-installed"libcmis-devel
not-installed"libcmocka-devel
not-installed"libcmocka-devel-32bit
not-installed"libcmocka-devel-static
not-installed"libcmocka0
not-installed"libcmocka0-32bit
not-installed"libcmpiCppImpl0
not-installed"libcmpiutil
not-installed"libcmpiutil-devel
not-installed"libcmuclmtk-devel
not-installed"libcmuclmtk0
not-installed"libcnotify-devel
not-installed"libcnotify1
not-installed"libcodec2-0_6
not-installed"libcogl-gles2-20
installed"libcogl-pango20
not-installed"libcogl-pango20-32bit
installed"libcogl20
not-installed"libcogl20-32bit
installed"libcolamd-2_9_1
not-installed"libcollectdclient-devel
not-installed"libcollectdclient1
not-installed"libcollection-devel
not-installed"libcollection-devel-32bit
not-installed"libcollection4
not-installed"libcollection4-32bit
not-installed"libcolm-0_13_0_3
not-installed"libcolorblind0
not-installed"libcolord-devel
not-installed"libcolord-gtk-devel
not-installed"libcolord-gtk1
not-installed"libcolord-gtk1-32bit
installed"libcolord2
not-installed"libcolord2-32bit
not-installed"libcolorhug2
installed"libcom_err-devel
not-installed"libcom_err-devel-32bit
installed"libcom_err2
installed"libcom_err2-32bit
not-installed"libcommoncpp2-1_8-0
not-installed"libcompizconfig
not-installed"libcompizconfig-devel
not-installed"libconfig++-devel
not-installed"libconfig++9
not-installed"libconfig++9-32bit
not-installed"libconfig-devel
not-installed"libconfig9
not-installed"libconfig9-32bit
not-installed"libconfuse-devel
installed"libconfuse0
installed"libconfuse0-lang
not-installed"libcorosync-devel
not-installed"libcorosync4
not-installed"libcorosync4-32bit
not-installed"libcourier-unicode1
not-installed"libcpath-devel
not-installed"libcpath1
not-installed"libcppdb0
not-installed"libcppdb_mysql0
not-installed"libcppdb_odbc0
not-installed"libcppdb_postgresql0
not-installed"libcppdb_sqlite3-0
not-installed"libcpprest2_6
not-installed"libcppunit-1_13-0
not-installed"libcppunit-1_13-0-32bit
not-installed"libcppunit-1_14-0
not-installed"libcppunit-1_14-0-32bit
not-installed"libcpuid-devel
not-installed"libcpuid-tools
not-installed"libcpuid14
installed"libcpupower0
not-installed"libcpuset-devel
not-installed"libcpuset1
installed"libcrack2
installed"libcrack2-32bit
not-installed"libcreaterepo_c-devel
not-installed"libcreaterepo_c0
not-installed"libcriu1
not-installed"libcroco
installed"libcroco-0_6-3
not-installed"libcroco-0_6-3-32bit
not-installed"libcroco-devel
not-installed"libcryptmount-devel
not-installed"libcryptmount0
not-installed"libcryptmount0-32bit
not-installed"libcrypto41
not-installed"libcrypto41-32bit
not-installed"libcryptopp-5_6_2-0
not-installed"libcryptopp-5_6_2-0-32bit
not-installed"libcryptopp-devel
not-installed"libcryptopp-devel-static
not-installed"libcryptsetup-devel
installed"libcryptsetup4
not-installed"libcryptsetup4-32bit
not-installed"libcryptsetup4-hmac
not-installed"libcryptsetup4-hmac-32bit
not-installed"libcryptui-data
not-installed"libcryptui-devel
not-installed"libcryptui-lang
not-installed"libcryptui0
not-installed"libcrystalhd-devel
not-installed"libcrystalhd-devel-32bit
not-installed"libcrystalhd3
not-installed"libcrystalhd3-32bit
not-installed"libcsparsever-3_1_4
not-installed"libcsplit-devel
not-installed"libcsplit1
not-installed"libcss-devel
not-installed"libcss0
not-installed"libcstring-devel
not-installed"libcstring1
not-installed"libcsv-devel
not-installed"libcsv3
not-installed"libcsync-devel
not-installed"libcsync-devel-doc
not-installed"libcsync-doc
not-installed"libcsync-plugin-owncloud
not-installed"libcsync-plugin-sftp
not-installed"libcsync-plugin-smb
not-installed"libcsync0
not-installed"libcsync0-32bit
not-installed"libcsystem-devel
not-installed"libcsystem1
not-installed"libctemplate-devel
not-installed"libctemplate3
not-installed"libcthreads-devel
not-installed"libcthreads1
not-installed"libctl-devel
not-installed"libctl-doc
not-installed"libctl5
not-installed"libcudd0
not-installed"libcue-devel
installed"libcue1
not-installed"libcunit1
not-installed"libcurl-devel
not-installed"libcurl-devel-32bit
installed"libcurl4
installed"libcurl4-32bit
not-installed"libcvc-devel
not-installed"libcvc0
not-installed"libcwiid-devel
not-installed"libcwiid-devel-32bit
not-installed"libcwiid1
not-installed"libcwiid1-32bit
not-installed"libcwnn0
not-installed"libcxsc2
not-installed"libcxsparse-3_1_4
not-installed"libcxx-gtk-utils-3-2_2-0
not-installed"libcxx-gtk-utils-3-devel
not-installed"libcxxtools-bin9
not-installed"libcxxtools-http9
not-installed"libcxxtools-json9
not-installed"libcxxtools-unit9
not-installed"libcxxtools-xmlrpc9
not-installed"libcxxtools9
not-installed"libczmq3
not-installed"libd0_blind_id0
not-installed"libd0_rijndael0
not-installed"libdSFMT2_2
not-installed"libdaemon-devel
installed"libdaemon0
not-installed"libdar-devel
not-installed"libdar5000
not-installed"libdat2-2
not-installed"libdat2-2-32bit
not-installed"libdataquay-devel
not-installed"libdataquay0
not-installed"libdatrie-devel
installed"libdatrie1
installed"libdatrie1-32bit
not-installed"libdb-4_5
not-installed"libdb-4_5
not-installed"libdb-4_5-32bit
not-installed"libdb-4_5-devel
not-installed"libdb-4_5-devel-32bit
installed"libdb-4_8
not-installed"libdb-4_8
installed"libdb-4_8-32bit
installed"libdb-4_8-devel
not-installed"libdb-4_8-devel-32bit
not-installed"libdb_java-4_5
not-installed"libdb_java-4_5
not-installed"libdb_java-4_5-devel
not-installed"libdb_java-4_8
not-installed"libdb_java-4_8
not-installed"libdb_java-4_8-devel
not-installed"libdbevolution0
not-installed"libdbevolution0-debuginfo
not-installed"libdbh2
not-installed"libdbi-devel
not-installed"libdbi-devel-32bit
not-installed"libdbi-drivers-dbd-freetds
not-installed"libdbi-drivers-dbd-mysql
not-installed"libdbi-drivers-dbd-pgsql
not-installed"libdbi-drivers-dbd-sqlite
not-installed"libdbi-drivers-dbd-sqlite3
not-installed"libdbi3
not-installed"libdbi3-32bit
installed"libdbus-1-3
installed"libdbus-1-3-32bit
not-installed"libdbus-1-qt3-0
not-installed"libdbus-1-qt3-0-32bit
not-installed"libdbus-1-qt3-0-devel
not-installed"libdbus-c++-1-0
not-installed"libdbus-c++-1-0-32bit
not-installed"libdbus-c++-devel
not-installed"libdbus-c++-glib-1-0
not-installed"libdbus-c++-glib-1-0-32bit
not-installed"libdbusmenu-glib-devel
not-installed"libdbusmenu-glib-doc
not-installed"libdbusmenu-glib4
not-installed"libdbusmenu-gtk-devel
not-installed"libdbusmenu-gtk-doc
not-installed"libdbusmenu-gtk3-4
not-installed"libdbusmenu-gtk3-devel
not-installed"libdbusmenu-gtk4
not-installed"libdbusmenu-jsonloader-devel
not-installed"libdbusmenu-jsonloader4
not-installed"libdbusmenu-qt-devel
installed"libdbusmenu-qt2
not-installed"libdbusmenu-qt2-32bit
installed"libdbusmenu-qt5-2
not-installed"libdbusmenu-qt5-2-32bit
not-installed"libdbusmenu-qt5-devel
not-installed"libdbusmenu-qt5-devel-32bit
not-installed"libdbusmenu-tools
not-installed"libdc1394
installed"libdc1394-22
not-installed"libdc1394-22-32bit
not-installed"libdc1394-devel
not-installed"libdca-devel
installed"libdca0
not-installed"libdca0-32bit
not-installed"libdca0-debuginfo
not-installed"libdca0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libdcadec-devel
not-installed"libdcadec0
not-installed"libdcadec0-32bit
not-installed"libdcadec0-debuginfo
not-installed"libdcadec0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libdcaenc-devel
not-installed"libdcaenc0
not-installed"libdcaenc0-debuginfo
not-installed"libdccore0
not-installed"libdccore0-debuginfo
installed"libdcerpc-binding0
installed"libdcerpc-binding0-32bit
not-installed"libdcerpc-devel
not-installed"libdcerpc-samr-devel
not-installed"libdcerpc-samr0
not-installed"libdcerpc-samr0-32bit
installed"libdcerpc0
installed"libdcerpc0-32bit
not-installed"libdcmtk3_6
installed"libdconf1
not-installed"libdconf1-32bit
not-installed"libdcwebservice0
not-installed"libdcwebservice0-debuginfo
not-installed"libddccontrol0
not-installed"libdecoration0
not-installed"libdecoration0-32bit
not-installed"libdee-1_0-4
not-installed"libdevil-tools
not-installed"libdhash-devel
not-installed"libdhash-devel-32bit
not-installed"libdhash1
not-installed"libdhash1-32bit
installed"libdialog11
installed"libdigikamcore5
not-installed"libdirac_decoder0
not-installed"libdirac_decoder0-32bit
not-installed"libdirac_encoder0
not-installed"libdirac_encoder0-32bit
not-installed"libdirectfb-1_7-1
not-installed"libdirectfb-1_7-1-32bit
not-installed"libdiscid-devel
installed"libdiscid0
not-installed"libdiscid0-32bit
not-installed"libdjconsole
not-installed"libdjconsole-debugsource
not-installed"libdjconsole-devel
not-installed"libdjconsole0
not-installed"libdjconsole0-debuginfo
not-installed"libdjvulibre-devel
installed"libdjvulibre21
not-installed"libdleyna-core-1_0-4
not-installed"libdlm
not-installed"libdlm-devel
not-installed"libdlm3
not-installed"libdm0
not-installed"libdm0-32bit
not-installed"libdmapsharing-3_0-2
not-installed"libdmapsharing-3_0-2-32bit
not-installed"libdmapsharing-devel
not-installed"libdmmp-devel
not-installed"libdmmp0_1_0
not-installed"libdmtx-devel
installed"libdmtx0
not-installed"libdmtx0-32bit
not-installed"libdmx-devel
not-installed"libdmx-devel-32bit
not-installed"libdmx1
not-installed"libdmx1-32bit
not-installed"libdnet-devel
not-installed"libdnet1
not-installed"libdns_sd
not-installed"libdns_sd-32bit
installed"libdolphinvcs5
not-installed"libdotconf0
not-installed"libdouble-conversion1
not-installed"libdriveio0
installed"libdrm-devel
not-installed"libdrm-devel-32bit
not-installed"libdrm-tools
installed"libdrm2
installed"libdrm2-32bit
installed"libdrm_amdgpu1
installed"libdrm_amdgpu1-32bit
installed"libdrm_intel1
installed"libdrm_intel1-32bit
installed"libdrm_nouveau2
installed"libdrm_nouveau2-32bit
installed"libdrm_radeon1
installed"libdrm_radeon1-32bit
not-installed"libdrumstick-alsa1
not-installed"libdrumstick-devel
not-installed"libdrumstick-doc
not-installed"libdrumstick-file1
not-installed"libdtkbase-devel
not-installed"libdtkbase1
not-installed"libdtkutil-devel
not-installed"libdtkutil1
not-installed"libdtkwidget-devel
not-installed"libdtkwidget1
not-installed"libdui-devel
not-installed"libdui1
not-installed"libdv
not-installed"libdv-devel
installed"libdv4
not-installed"libdv4-32bit
not-installed"libdvbpsi-0-devel
not-installed"libdvbpsi-devel
installed"libdvbpsi10
not-installed"libdvbpsi10-32bit
not-installed"libdvbpsi7
not-installed"libdvbpsi7-32bit
not-installed"libdvbv5-0
not-installed"libdvbv5-0-32bit
not-installed"libdvbv5-0-lang
not-installed"libdvbv5-devel
not-installed"libdvdnav-devel
installed"libdvdnav4
not-installed"libdvdnav4-32bit
not-installed"libdvdplay-devel
not-installed"libdvdplay0
not-installed"libdvdplay0
not-installed"libdvdplay0-debuginfo
not-installed"libdvdplay0-debugsource
not-installed"libdvdread-devel
not-installed"libdvdread3
not-installed"libdvdread3
not-installed"libdvdread3-debuginfo
not-installed"libdvdread3-debugsource
not-installed"libdvdread3-devel
installed"libdvdread4
not-installed"libdvdread4-32bit
not-installed"libdw-devel
installed"libdw1
not-installed"libdw1-32bit
not-installed"libdwarf
not-installed"libdwarf-devel
not-installed"libdwarf-doc
not-installed"libdwarf-tools
not-installed"libdwarves-devel
not-installed"libdwarves-devel-32bit
not-installed"libdwarves1
not-installed"libdwarves1-32bit
not-installed"libdxflib1
not-installed"libdxfrw-devel
not-installed"libdxfrw-tools
not-installed"libdxfrw0
installed"libe-book-0_1-1
not-installed"libe-book-devel
not-installed"libe-book-devel-doc
not-installed"libe-book-tools
not-installed"libeXosip2
not-installed"libeXosip2-11
not-installed"libeXosip2-devel
not-installed"libeb16
not-installed"libebackend-1_2-10
not-installed"libebackend-1_2-10-32bit
not-installed"libebl-devel
not-installed"libebl1
not-installed"libebl1-32bit
not-installed"libebml
not-installed"libebml-devel
installed"libebml4
not-installed"libebml4-32bit
not-installed"libebook-1_2-16
not-installed"libebook-1_2-16-32bit
not-installed"libebook-contacts-1_2-2
not-installed"libebook-contacts-1_2-2-32bit
not-installed"libebur128-1
not-installed"libebur128-1-debuginfo
not-installed"libebur128-devel
not-installed"libecal-1_2-19
not-installed"libecal-1_2-19-32bit
not-installed"libecasound-devel
not-installed"libechonest-devel
not-installed"libechonest-qt5-devel
not-installed"libechonest2_3
not-installed"libechonest2_3-32bit
not-installed"libechonest5-2_3
not-installed"libechonest5-2_3-32bit
not-installed"libecm0
not-installed"libecore1
not-installed"libecpg6
not-installed"libecpg6-32bit
not-installed"libector1
not-installed"libedata-book-1_2-25
not-installed"libedata-book-1_2-25-32bit
not-installed"libedata-cal-1_2-28
not-installed"libedata-cal-1_2-28-32bit
not-installed"libedataserver-1_2-21
not-installed"libedataserver-1_2-21-32bit
not-installed"libedataserver-1_2-22
not-installed"libedataserver-1_2-22-32bit
not-installed"libedataserverui-1_2-1
not-installed"libedataserverui-1_2-1-32bit
not-installed"libedit-devel
installed"libedit0
installed"libedit0-32bit
not-installed"libeditorconfig-devel
not-installed"libeditorconfig-devel-32bit
installed"libeditorconfig0
not-installed"libeditorconfig0-32bit
not-installed"libedje1
not-installed"libee-devel
not-installed"libee0
not-installed"libeet1
not-installed"libeews-1_2-0
not-installed"libeeze1
installed"libefivar1
not-installed"libefl1
not-installed"libefreet1
not-installed"libefreet_mime1
not-installed"libefreet_trash1
not-installed"libegbb3
not-installed"libegbb3
not-installed"libegbb3-debuginfo
not-installed"libegbb3-debugsource
not-installed"libegbb3-devel
not-installed"libeigen2-devel
not-installed"libeina1
not-installed"libeio1
not-installed"libeldbus1
not-installed"libelektra-augeas
not-installed"libelektra-devel
not-installed"libelektra-devel-doc
not-installed"libelektra4
not-installed"libelf-devel
not-installed"libelf-devel-32bit
installed"libelf0
not-installed"libelf0-32bit
not-installed"libelf0-devel
installed"libelf1
installed"libelf1-32bit
not-installed"libell0
not-installed"libelocation1
not-installed"libelpa2
not-installed"libelua1
not-installed"libembryo1
not-installed"libemile1
not-installed"libemotion1
installed"libenca0
not-installed"libenca0-32bit
installed"libenchant1
not-installed"libenchant1-32bit
not-installed"libenet7
not-installed"libeo1
not-installed"libeolian1
not-installed"libeot-devel
not-installed"libeot-tools
installed"libeot0
not-installed"libepc-1_0-2
not-installed"libepc-devel
not-installed"libepc-lang
not-installed"libephysics1
not-installed"libepoxy-devel
installed"libepoxy0
not-installed"libepoxy0-32bit
not-installed"libeppic-devel
not-installed"libepub-devel
installed"libepub0
not-installed"libepub0-32bit
not-installed"libepubgen
not-installed"libepubgen-0_0-0
not-installed"libepubgen-devel
not-installed"libepubgen-devel-doc
not-installed"libequalizer180
not-installed"libequalizer180-debuginfo
not-installed"liberasurecode-devel
not-installed"liberasurecode1
installed"liberation-fonts
not-installed"liberation2-fonts
not-installed"liberfa1
not-installed"libesd-devel
installed"libesd0
installed"libesd0-32bit
not-installed"libesedb-devel
not-installed"libesedb-tools
not-installed"libesedb1
installed"libesmtp
not-installed"libesmtp-devel
not-installed"libestr-devel
not-installed"libestr0
not-installed"libethumb1
not-installed"libethumb_client1
not-installed"libetonyek
installed"libetonyek-0_1-1
not-installed"libetonyek-devel
not-installed"libetonyek-devel-doc
not-installed"libetonyek-tools
not-installed"libetpan
not-installed"libetpan-devel
not-installed"libetpan17
not-installed"libetrophy0
not-installed"libev-devel
installed"libev4
not-installed"libev4-32bit
not-installed"libevas1
not-installed"libevdev-devel
not-installed"libevdev-tools
installed"libevdev2
not-installed"libevdev2-32bit
installed"libevdocument3-4
not-installed"libevemu3
not-installed"libevent
installed"libevent-2_0-5
not-installed"libevent-2_0-5-32bit
installed"libevent-devel
not-installed"libevt-devel
not-installed"libevt-tools
not-installed"libevt1
not-installed"libevtlog-devel
not-installed"libevtlog0
not-installed"libevtx-devel
not-installed"libevtx-tools
not-installed"libevtx1
installed"libevview3-3
not-installed"libewf-devel
not-installed"libewf-tools
not-installed"libewf2
not-installed"libewsutils0
not-installed"libexe-devel
not-installed"libexe-tools
not-installed"libexe1
not-installed"libexempi-devel
installed"libexempi3
not-installed"libexempi3-32bit
not-installed"libexif
not-installed"libexif-devel
not-installed"libexif-gtk
not-installed"libexif-gtk-devel
not-installed"libexif-gtk5
installed"libexif12
installed"libexif12-32bit
installed"libexiv2-14
not-installed"libexiv2-14-32bit
not-installed"libexiv2-devel
not-installed"libexo-1-0
not-installed"libexo-1-0-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"libexo-1-0-branding-upstream
not-installed"libexoIIv2c-5_14_0
not-installed"libexoIIv2for-5_14_0
installed"libexpat-devel
not-installed"libexpat-devel-32bit
not-installed"libexpat0
not-installed"libexpat0-32bit
installed"libexpat1
installed"libexpat1-32bit
not-installed"libexplain-devel
not-installed"libexplain51
installed"libext2fs-devel
not-installed"libext2fs-devel-32bit
installed"libext2fs2
not-installed"libext2fs2-32bit
not-installed"libextractor-devel
not-installed"libextractor3
not-installed"libextractor3-debuginfo
not-installed"libextractor_common1
not-installed"libextractor_common1-debuginfo
installed"libexttextcat
installed"libexttextcat-2_0-0
not-installed"libexttextcat-devel
not-installed"libexttextcat-tools
not-installed"libf2fs1
not-installed"libf2fs_format0
not-installed"libf95getdata2
not-installed"libfaac-devel
installed"libfaac0
not-installed"libfaac0-32bit
not-installed"libfaac0-debuginfo
not-installed"libfaac0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libfaad-devel
installed"libfaad2
not-installed"libfaad2-32bit
not-installed"libfaad2-debuginfo
not-installed"libfaad2-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libfabric
not-installed"libfabric-devel
not-installed"libfabric1
not-installed"libfakekey-devel
installed"libfakekey0
not-installed"libfaketime
not-installed"libfallocate-devel
not-installed"libfallocate-devel-static
not-installed"libfallocate0
installed"libfam0-gamin
installed"libfam0-gamin-32bit
not-installed"libfame-0_9-1
not-installed"libfame-0_9-1
not-installed"libfame-0_9-1-debuginfo
not-installed"libfame-0_9-1-debugsource
not-installed"libfame-devel
not-installed"libfann-devel
not-installed"libfann2
not-installed"libfarstream-0_1-0
not-installed"libfarstream-0_1-0-debuginfo
installed"libfarstream-0_2-5
not-installed"libfarstream-0_2-5-32bit
not-installed"libfastjet0
not-installed"libfastjson-devel
not-installed"libfastjson4
not-installed"libfaxutil5_5_8
not-installed"libfaxutil5_5_9
not-installed"libfbclient2
not-installed"libfbclient2-32bit
not-installed"libfbclient2-devel
not-installed"libfbembed-devel
not-installed"libfbembed2_5
not-installed"libfcache-devel
not-installed"libfcache1
not-installed"libfcitx-4_2_9
not-installed"libfcitx-4_2_9-32bit
not-installed"libfdata-devel
not-installed"libfdata1
not-installed"libfdatetime-devel
not-installed"libfdatetime1
not-installed"libfdisk-devel
not-installed"libfdisk-devel-static
installed"libfdisk1
installed"libfdk-aac1
not-installed"libfdk-aac1-32bit
not-installed"libfdk-aac1-debuginfo
not-installed"libfdk-aac1-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libfdt-devel
not-installed"libfdt-devel-32bit
not-installed"libfdt1
not-installed"libfdt1-32bit
not-installed"libffado-devel
not-installed"libffado2
not-installed"libffado2-32bit
not-installed"libffi-devel-gcc5
not-installed"libffi-devel-gcc5-32bit
installed"libffi4
installed"libffi4-32bit
not-installed"libffi4-gcc48
not-installed"libffi4-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libffi48
not-installed"libffi48-devel
not-installed"libffi48-devel-32bit
not-installed"libffmpegthumbnailer-devel
not-installed"libffmpegthumbnailer4
not-installed"libffmpegthumbnailer4-debuginfo
not-installed"libffms2-4
not-installed"libffms2-4-32bit
not-installed"libffms2-4-debuginfo
not-installed"libffms2-4-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libffms2-devel
installed"libfftw3-3
not-installed"libfftw3-3-32bit
not-installed"libfftw3_mpi3
not-installed"libfftw3_mpi3-32bit
not-installed"libfftw3_omp3
not-installed"libfftw3_omp3-32bit
installed"libfftw3_threads3
not-installed"libfftw3_threads3-32bit
not-installed"libfgetdata2
not-installed"libfguid-devel
not-installed"libfguid1
not-installed"libfifechan0_1_4
not-installed"libfifechan_allegro0_1_4
not-installed"libfifechan_irrlicht0_1_4
not-installed"libfifechan_opengl0_1_4
not-installed"libfifechan_sdl0_1_4
not-installed"libfilezilla-devel
not-installed"libfilezilla0
installed"libfipscheck1
not-installed"libfipscheck1-32bit
not-installed"libfishsound
not-installed"libfishsound-debugsource
not-installed"libfishsound-devel
not-installed"libfishsound1
not-installed"libfishsound1-debuginfo
not-installed"libfityk4
not-installed"libflatpak0
not-installed"libfli-devel
not-installed"libfli1
not-installed"libflickcurl-devel
not-installed"libflickcurl0
not-installed"libflickcurl0-32bit
not-installed"libflint0
installed"libfltk1
not-installed"libfltk1-32bit
installed"libfluidsynth1
not-installed"libfluidsynth1-32bit
not-installed"libfm
not-installed"libfm-devel
not-installed"libfm-doc
not-installed"libfm-extra-devel
not-installed"libfm-extra4
not-installed"libfm-gtk-devel
not-installed"libfm-gtk4
not-installed"libfm-lang
not-installed"libfm-qt-devel
not-installed"libfm-qt-lang
not-installed"libfm-qt3
not-installed"libfm4
not-installed"libfmapi-devel
not-installed"libfmapi1
not-installed"libfole-devel
not-installed"libfole1
not-installed"libfolks-data
not-installed"libfolks-eds25
not-installed"libfolks-telepathy25
not-installed"libfolks-tracker25
not-installed"libfolks25
installed"libfont-specimen0
not-installed"libfontenc-devel
not-installed"libfontenc-devel-32bit
installed"libfontenc1
not-installed"libfontenc1-32bit
installed"libfonts
not-installed"libfonts-javadoc
installed"libformula
not-installed"libformula-javadoc
not-installed"libfparser-4_5_2
not-installed"libfplll-devel
not-installed"libfplll0
not-installed"libfpm_pb0
not-installed"libfprint-devel
not-installed"libfprint-examples
not-installed"libfprint0
not-installed"libfprint0-32bit
not-installed"libframe6
installed"libfreebl3
installed"libfreebl3-32bit
not-installed"libfreefare-devel
not-installed"libfreefare-tools
not-installed"libfreefare0
installed"libfreehand-0_1-1
not-installed"libfreehand-devel
not-installed"libfreehand-devel-doc
not-installed"libfreehand-tools
not-installed"libfreeimage3
not-installed"libfreeimageplus3
not-installed"libfreerdp2
not-installed"libfreetds
installed"libfreetype6
installed"libfreetype6-32bit
not-installed"libfreexl1
not-installed"libfsntfs-devel
not-installed"libfsntfs-tools
not-installed"libfsntfs1
not-installed"libfstrm0
not-installed"libftdi1
not-installed"libftdi1-binding-python
not-installed"libftdi1-devel
installed"libftgl2
not-installed"libftgl2-32bit
not-installed"libfunambol-devel
not-installed"libfunambol9
installed"libfuse2
not-installed"libfuse2-32bit
not-installed"libfuzzy-devel
not-installed"libfuzzy2
not-installed"libfvalue-devel
not-installed"libfvalue1
not-installed"libfvde-devel
not-installed"libfvde-tools
not-installed"libfvde1
not-installed"libfwevt-devel
not-installed"libfwevt1
not-installed"libfwnt-devel
not-installed"libfwnt1
not-installed"libfwsi-devel
not-installed"libfwsi1
not-installed"libfwup0
not-installed"libgadu-devel
installed"libgadu3
not-installed"libgames-support-devel
not-installed"libgames-support-lang
not-installed"libgames-support2
not-installed"libgamin-1-0
not-installed"libgamin-1-0-32bit
not-installed"libgaminggear
not-installed"libgaminggear-devel
not-installed"libgaminggear-lang
not-installed"libgaminggear0
not-installed"libgaminggearfx0
not-installed"libgaminggearwidget0
not-installed"libgarcon-1-0
not-installed"libgarcon-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"libgarcon-branding-upstream
not-installed"libgarcon-data
not-installed"libgarcon-devel
not-installed"libgarcon-doc
not-installed"libgarcon-lang
not-installed"libgasnet-1_28_2
not-installed"libgavl-devel
not-installed"libgavl1
not-installed"libgbm-devel
not-installed"libgbm-devel-32bit
installed"libgbm1
installed"libgbm1-32bit
installed"libgc1
installed"libgcab-1_0-0
installed"libgcc_s1
installed"libgcc_s1-32bit
not-installed"libgcc_s1-gcc48
not-installed"libgcc_s1-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libgcc_s1-gcc5
not-installed"libgcc_s1-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libgcc_s1-gcc6
not-installed"libgcc_s1-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libgcin-im-client1
not-installed"libgcin-im-client1-32bit
installed"libgcj-devel
installed"libgcj48
not-installed"libgcj48
not-installed"libgcj48-32bit
installed"libgcj48-devel
not-installed"libgcj48-devel-32bit
installed"libgcj48-jar
installed"libgcj_bc1
installed"libgck-1-0
not-installed"libgck-1-0-32bit
not-installed"libgck-devel
not-installed"libgck-devel-32bit
installed"libgck-modules-gnome-keyring
not-installed"libgconfmm-2_6-1
installed"libgcr-3-1
not-installed"libgcr-3-1-32bit
not-installed"libgcr-devel
not-installed"libgcr-devel-32bit
not-installed"libgcrypt
not-installed"libgcrypt-cavs
not-installed"libgcrypt-devel
not-installed"libgcrypt-devel-32bit
installed"libgcrypt20
installed"libgcrypt20-32bit
not-installed"libgcrypt20-hmac
not-installed"libgcrypt20-hmac-32bit
not-installed"libgda-5_0-4
not-installed"libgda-5_0-4-lang
not-installed"libgda-5_0-bdb
not-installed"libgda-5_0-devel
not-installed"libgda-5_0-doc
not-installed"libgda-5_0-firebird
not-installed"libgda-5_0-jdbc
not-installed"libgda-5_0-ldap
not-installed"libgda-5_0-mdb
not-installed"libgda-5_0-mysql
not-installed"libgda-5_0-postgres
not-installed"libgda-5_0-sqlcipher
not-installed"libgda-5_0-sqlite
not-installed"libgda-5_0-tools
not-installed"libgda-5_0-web
not-installed"libgda-report-5_0-4
not-installed"libgda-tools
not-installed"libgda-ui-5_0-4
not-installed"libgda-ui-5_0-plugins
not-installed"libgda-ui-5_0-tools
not-installed"libgda-xslt-5_0-4
not-installed"libgdal20
not-installed"libgdata-devel
installed"libgdata-lang
installed"libgdata22
not-installed"libgdata22-32bit
installed"libgdbm4
installed"libgdbm4-32bit
not-installed"libgdict-1_0-10
not-installed"libgdict-data
not-installed"libgdict-devel
not-installed"libgdiplus-devel
installed"libgdiplus0
installed"libgdk_pixbuf-2_0-0
installed"libgdk_pixbuf-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgdl-3-5
not-installed"libgdlmm-3_0-2
not-installed"libgdm1
not-installed"libgeany0
not-installed"libgeda-devel
not-installed"libgeda42
not-installed"libgeda42-data
not-installed"libgee-0_8-2
not-installed"libgee-0_8-2-32bit
not-installed"libgee-devel
not-installed"libgee06-devel
not-installed"libgee2
installed"libgegl-0_2-0
not-installed"libgegl-0_3-0
not-installed"libgeis1
not-installed"libgeis1-32bit
not-installed"libgeoclue-devel
not-installed"libgeoclue0
not-installed"libgeoclue0-32bit
not-installed"libgeocode-glib0
not-installed"libgeocode-glib0-32bit
not-installed"libgeotiff2
not-installed"libgerbv1
not-installed"libges-1_0-0
not-installed"libgetdata++3
not-installed"libgetdata5
not-installed"libgexiv2-2
not-installed"libgexiv2-devel
not-installed"libgf2x1
not-installed"libgfan-0_5
not-installed"libgfan-devel
not-installed"libgfapi0
not-installed"libgfbgraph-0_2-0
not-installed"libgfchangelog0
installed"libgfortran3
not-installed"libgfortran3-32bit
not-installed"libgfortran3-gcc48
not-installed"libgfortran3-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libgfortran3-gcc5
not-installed"libgfortran3-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libgfortran4
not-installed"libgfortran4-32bit
not-installed"libgfrpc0
not-installed"libgfxdr0
not-installed"libggz2
not-installed"libggz2-devel
installed"libgiblib1
installed"libgif6
not-installed"libgif6-32bit
not-installed"libgig
not-installed"libgig-debugsource
not-installed"libgig-devel
not-installed"libgig-devel-debuginfo
not-installed"libgig-tools
not-installed"libgig-tools-debuginfo
not-installed"libgig7
not-installed"libgig7-debuginfo
installed"libgimp-2_0-0
not-installed"libgimp-2_0-0-32bit
installed"libgimpui-2_0-0
not-installed"libgimpui-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libginac-devel
not-installed"libginac5
installed"libgio-2_0-0
installed"libgio-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgio-fam
not-installed"libgio-fam-32bit
installed"libgiomm-2_4-1
not-installed"libgiomm-2_4-1-32bit
not-installed"libgirara-gtk3-2
installed"libgirepository-1_0-1
not-installed"libgirepository-1_0-1-32bit
installed"libgit2-24
not-installed"libgit2-24-32bit
not-installed"libgit2-devel
not-installed"libgit2-glib-1_0-0
not-installed"libgit2-glib-devel
not-installed"libgitg-1_0-0
not-installed"libgitg-devel
not-installed"libgitg-ext-1_0-0
not-installed"libgivaro0
not-installed"libgjs-devel
installed"libgjs0
not-installed"libgl2ps1
installed"libglade-2_0-0
not-installed"libglade-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libglade2-devel
not-installed"libglade2-doc
not-installed"libglademm
not-installed"libglademm-2_4-1
not-installed"libglademm-2_4-1-32bit
not-installed"libglademm-devel
not-installed"libgladeui-1-11
not-installed"libgladeui-1-devel
not-installed"libgladeui-2-6
not-installed"libgladeui-2-devel
not-installed"libgle-devel
not-installed"libgle3
not-installed"libglfw-devel
not-installed"libglfw2
not-installed"libglfw3
installed"libglib-2_0-0
installed"libglib-2_0-0-32bit
installed"libglibmm-2_4-1
not-installed"libglibmm-2_4-1-32bit
not-installed"libglog0
not-installed"libgloox15
not-installed"libgloox15-32bit
not-installed"libgloox15-debuginfo
not-installed"libglpk36
not-installed"libgltf
installed"libgltf-0_0-0
installed"libgltf-0_1-1
not-installed"libgltf-devel
not-installed"libglue-devel
not-installed"libglue-devel-32bit
not-installed"libglue2
not-installed"libglue2-32bit
not-installed"libglusterfs0
installed"libglut3
not-installed"libglut3-32bit
not-installed"libglyr1
not-installed"libglyr1-32bit
not-installed"libgme-devel
installed"libgme0
not-installed"libgme0-32bit
not-installed"libgmerlin-devel
not-installed"libgmerlin0
not-installed"libgmerlin0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgmerlin_avdec-devel
not-installed"libgmerlin_avdec1
not-installed"libgmerlin_avdec1-debuginfo
not-installed"libgmerlin_gtk-devel
not-installed"libgmerlin_gtk0
not-installed"libgmerlin_gtk0-debuginfo
installed"libgmime-2_6-0
not-installed"libgmm++-devel
installed"libgmodule-2_0-0
installed"libgmodule-2_0-0-32bit
installed"libgmp10
installed"libgmp10-32bit
installed"libgmpxx4
not-installed"libgmpxx4-32bit
not-installed"libgnome
not-installed"libgnome-32bit
not-installed"libgnome-autoar-0-0
not-installed"libgnome-autoar-gtk-0-0
not-installed"libgnome-bluetooth13
not-installed"libgnome-desktop-2-17
not-installed"libgnome-desktop-2-17-32bit
not-installed"libgnome-desktop-2-devel
installed"libgnome-desktop-3-12
not-installed"libgnome-desktop-3-12-32bit
not-installed"libgnome-desktop-3-devel
installed"libgnome-desktop-3_0-common
not-installed"libgnome-devel
not-installed"libgnome-keyring-devel
installed"libgnome-keyring-lang
installed"libgnome-keyring0
not-installed"libgnome-keyring0-32bit
not-installed"libgnome-lang
not-installed"libgnome-menu-3-0
not-installed"libgnome-menu-3-0-32bit
not-installed"libgnomecanvas-2-0
not-installed"libgnomecanvas-2-0-32bit
not-installed"libgnomecanvas-devel
not-installed"libgnomecanvas-lang
not-installed"libgnomecups
not-installed"libgnomecups-32bit
not-installed"libgnomecups-devel
not-installed"libgnomecups-lang
not-installed"libgnomekbd
not-installed"libgnomekbd-devel
not-installed"libgnomekbd-lang
not-installed"libgnomeprint
not-installed"libgnomeprint-32bit
not-installed"libgnomeprint-devel
not-installed"libgnomeprint-doc
not-installed"libgnomeprint-lang
not-installed"libgnomeprintui
not-installed"libgnomeprintui-32bit
not-installed"libgnomeprintui-devel
not-installed"libgnomeprintui-doc
not-installed"libgnomeprintui-lang
not-installed"libgnomesu
not-installed"libgnomesu-devel
not-installed"libgnomesu-lang
not-installed"libgnomesu0
not-installed"libgnomeui
not-installed"libgnomeui-32bit
not-installed"libgnomeui-devel
not-installed"libgnomeui-doc
not-installed"libgnomeui-lang
not-installed"libgnunet
not-installed"libgnunet-debuginfo
not-installed"libgnuradio-3_7_10-0_0_0
installed"libgnutls-devel
not-installed"libgnutls-devel-32bit
not-installed"libgnutls-openssl-devel
not-installed"libgnutls-openssl27
installed"libgnutls28
installed"libgnutls28-32bit
not-installed"libgnutlsxx-devel
not-installed"libgnutlsxx28
not-installed"libgo11
not-installed"libgo11-32bit
not-installed"libgo7
not-installed"libgo7-32bit
not-installed"libgo9
not-installed"libgo9-32bit
installed"libgoa-1_0-0
not-installed"libgoa-1_0-0-32bit
installed"libgoa-backend-1_0-1
not-installed"libgoa-backend-1_0-1-32bit
installed"libgobject-2_0-0
installed"libgobject-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgoffice-0_10-10
not-installed"libgoffice-0_8-8
not-installed"libgom-1_0-0
installed"libgomp1
not-installed"libgomp1-32bit
not-installed"libgomp1-gcc48
not-installed"libgomp1-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libgomp1-gcc5
not-installed"libgomp1-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libgomp1-gcc6
not-installed"libgomp1-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libgoocanvas-2_0-9
not-installed"libgoocanvas3
not-installed"libgoocanvas3-devel
not-installed"libgoocanvas3-lang
not-installed"libgoocanvasmm-2_0-6
not-installed"libgoocanvasmm-devel
not-installed"libgooglepinyin-devel
not-installed"libgooglepinyin0
not-installed"libgovirt-devel
not-installed"libgovirt-lang
not-installed"libgovirt2
not-installed"libgpac-devel
not-installed"libgpac6
not-installed"libgpaste6
not-installed"libgpg-error-devel
not-installed"libgpg-error-devel-32bit
installed"libgpg-error0
installed"libgpg-error0-32bit
not-installed"libgpgme-devel
installed"libgpgme11
not-installed"libgpgme11-32bit
not-installed"libgpgmepp-devel
installed"libgpgmepp6
not-installed"libgpgmepp6-32bit
installed"libgphoto2-6
installed"libgphoto2-6-32bit
installed"libgphoto2-6-lang
not-installed"libgphoto2-devel
not-installed"libgphoto2-devel-32bit
not-installed"libgphoto2-devel-doc
not-installed"libgphoto2-doc
not-installed"libgpod-devel
not-installed"libgpod-doc
installed"libgpod-lang
installed"libgpod-tools
installed"libgpod4
not-installed"libgpod4-32bit
installed"libgps22
not-installed"libgpusd1
not-installed"libgpusd1-debuginfo
not-installed"libgrail6
not-installed"libgranite3
not-installed"libgrantlee_core0
not-installed"libgrantlee_gui0
installed"libgraphite2-3
installed"libgraphite2-3-32bit
installed"libgravatar
not-installed"libgravatar-devel
installed"libgravatar-lang
not-installed"libgrilo-0_3-0
not-installed"libgrlnet-0_3-0
not-installed"libgrlpls-0_3-0
not-installed"libgromacs2
not-installed"libgroove-devel
not-installed"libgroove4
not-installed"libgroove4-debuginfo
not-installed"libgroovefingerprinter-devel
not-installed"libgroovefingerprinter4
not-installed"libgroovefingerprinter4-debuginfo
not-installed"libgrooveloudness-devel
not-installed"libgrooveloudness4
not-installed"libgrooveloudness4-debuginfo
not-installed"libgrooveplayer-devel
not-installed"libgrooveplayer4
not-installed"libgrooveplayer4-debuginfo
not-installed"libgrss-devel
not-installed"libgrss0
not-installed"libgsasl-devel
not-installed"libgsasl-lang
not-installed"libgsasl7
installed"libgsf-1-114
not-installed"libgsf-1-114-32bit
not-installed"libgsf-devel
installed"libgsf-lang
not-installed"libgsf-tools
not-installed"libgsignon-glib-devel
not-installed"libgsignon-glib-doc
not-installed"libgsignon-glib1
not-installed"libgsignon-glib1-32bit
not-installed"libgsignond-common0
not-installed"libgsignond-common0-32bit
not-installed"libgsm-devel
not-installed"libgsm-devel-32bit
not-installed"libgsm-utils
installed"libgsm1
installed"libgsm1-32bit
not-installed"libgsmsd7
not-installed"libgsoap-2_8_46
not-installed"libgsound0
not-installed"libgspell-1-1
installed"libgssdp-1_0-3
not-installed"libgssdp-1_0-3-32bit
not-installed"libgssdp-devel
not-installed"libgssglue-devel
not-installed"libgssglue1
not-installed"libgssglue1-32bit
installed"libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstallocators-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstallocators-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstallocators-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstallocators-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstapp-0_10-0
not-installed"libgstapp-0_10-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstapp-0_10-0-debuginfo
installed"libgstapp-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstapp-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstapp-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstapp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstaudio-1_0-0
installed"libgstaudio-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstbadaudio-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstbadbase-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstbadbase-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstbadbase-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstbadbase-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstbadvideo-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23
not-installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-32bit
not-installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstbasevideo-0_10-23
not-installed"libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-32bit
not-installed"libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23
not-installed"libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-32bit
not-installed"libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstfft-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstfft-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstfft-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstfft-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstgl-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstgl-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstgl-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstgl-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstinsertbin-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstinterfaces-0_10-0
not-installed"libgstinterfaces-0_10-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstinterfaces-0_10-0-debuginfo
installed"libgstmpegts-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstmpegts-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstmpegts-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstmpegts-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstpbutils-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstpbutils-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstpbutils-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstpbutils-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstphotography-0_10-23
not-installed"libgstphotography-0_10-23-32bit
not-installed"libgstphotography-0_10-23-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstphotography-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstphotography-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstphotography-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstphotography-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstphotography-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstplayer-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstplayer-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstplayer-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstplayer-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstreamer-0_10-0
not-installed"libgstreamer-0_10-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstreamer-0_10-0-debuginfo
installed"libgstreamer-1_0-0
installed"libgstreamer-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstreamer-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstreamer-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstriff-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstriff-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstriff-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstriff-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstrtp-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstrtp-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstrtp-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstrtp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstrtsp-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstrtsp-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstrtsp-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstrtsp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstrtspserver-1_0-0
installed"libgstsdp-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstsdp-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstsdp-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstsdp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23
not-installed"libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-32bit
not-installed"libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgsttag-1_0-0
installed"libgsttag-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgsttag-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgsttag-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgsttranscoder-1_0-0
installed"libgsturidownloader-1_0-0
not-installed"libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstvalidate-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstvdp-0_10-23
not-installed"libgstvdp-0_10-23-32bit
not-installed"libgstvdp-0_10-23-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstvdp-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libgstvdpau
not-installed"libgstvdpau-32bit
not-installed"libgstvdpau-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstvdpau-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstvideo-1_0-0
installed"libgstvideo-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgstvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libgstvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libgstwayland-1_0-0
not-installed"libgstwayland-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgsystem-devel
not-installed"libgsystem0
not-installed"libgt-devel
not-installed"libgtbase0
not-installed"libgtest0
installed"libgthread-2_0-0
not-installed"libgthread-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgthttp0
installed"libgtk-2_0-0
installed"libgtk-2_0-0-32bit
installed"libgtk-3-0
not-installed"libgtk-3-0-32bit
not-installed"libgtk-vnc-1_0-0
not-installed"libgtk-vnc-2_0-0
not-installed"libgtkdatabox-0_9_1-3
not-installed"libgtkdatabox-devel
not-installed"libgtkglext-x11-1_0-0
not-installed"libgtkglext-x11-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgtkhex-3-0
not-installed"libgtkhotkey-devel
not-installed"libgtkhotkey1
not-installed"libgtkhtml-4_0-0
not-installed"libgtkhtml-4_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgtkhtml-editor-4_0-0
not-installed"libgtkhtml-editor-4_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgtkimageview0
installed"libgtkmm-2_4-1
not-installed"libgtkmm-2_4-1-32bit
not-installed"libgtkmm-3_0-1
not-installed"libgtkmm-3_0-1-32bit
not-installed"libgtkpod1
not-installed"libgtksourceview-2_0-0
installed"libgtksourceview-3_0-1
not-installed"libgtksourceviewmm-3_0-0
installed"libgtkspell0
not-installed"libgtkspell3-3-0
not-installed"libgtop-2_0-10
not-installed"libgtop-2_0-10-32bit
not-installed"libgtop-devel
not-installed"libgtop-doc
not-installed"libgtop-lang
not-installed"libgtpng0
not-installed"libgtpnl-devel
not-installed"libgtpnl0
not-installed"libgts-0_7-5
not-installed"libgucharmap_2_90-7
installed"libgudev-1_0-0
installed"libgudev-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libgudev-1_0-devel
not-installed"libguess-devel
not-installed"libguess1
not-installed"libguess1-32bit
not-installed"libguestfs-devel
not-installed"libguestfs-test
not-installed"libguestfs0
installed"libguile-2_0-22
not-installed"libguile-srfi-srfi-1-v-3-3
not-installed"libguile-srfi-srfi-13-14-v-3-3
not-installed"libguile-srfi-srfi-4-v-3-3
not-installed"libguile-srfi-srfi-60-v-2-2
not-installed"libguile1-devel
not-installed"libguile17
not-installed"libguilereadline-v-17-17
not-installed"libguilereadline-v-18-18
installed"libgupnp-1_0-4
not-installed"libgupnp-1_0-4-32bit
not-installed"libgupnp-av-1_0-2
not-installed"libgupnp-av-devel
not-installed"libgupnp-devel
not-installed"libgupnp-dlna-2_0-3
not-installed"libgupnp-dlna-backend-gstreamer
not-installed"libgupnp-dlna-devel
installed"libgupnp-igd-1_0-4
not-installed"libgupnp-igd-1_0-4-32bit
not-installed"libgupnp-igd-devel
not-installed"libgupnp-ui-1_0-0
not-installed"libgupnp-ui-devel
not-installed"libgusb-devel
not-installed"libgusb2
not-installed"libgviewaudio-2_0-2
not-installed"libgviewaudio-2_0-2-debuginfo
not-installed"libgviewencoder-2_0-2
not-installed"libgviewencoder-2_0-2-debuginfo
not-installed"libgviewrender-2_0-2
not-installed"libgviewrender-2_0-2-debuginfo
not-installed"libgviewv4l2core-2_0-2
not-installed"libgviewv4l2core-2_0-2-debuginfo
not-installed"libgvnc-1_0-0
not-installed"libgvncpulse-1_0-0
not-installed"libgweather-3-6
not-installed"libgweather-3-6-32bit
not-installed"libgweather-data
not-installed"libgweather-devel
not-installed"libgweather-lang
not-installed"libgwengui-gtk2-0
not-installed"libgwengui-qt4-0
not-installed"libgwenhywfar60
not-installed"libgwenhywfar60-plugins
not-installed"libgxps-devel
not-installed"libgxps-tools
installed"libgxps2
not-installed"libgxw0
not-installed"libgypsy-devel
installed"libgypsy0
not-installed"libgypsy0-32bit
not-installed"libh323-1_26_5
not-installed"libhangul-devel
not-installed"libhangul1
not-installed"libhangul1-32bit
installed"libharfbuzz-icu0
not-installed"libharfbuzz-icu0-32bit
installed"libharfbuzz0
installed"libharfbuzz0-32bit
not-installed"libharminv2
not-installed"libharu-2_2_1
not-installed"libharu-devel
installed"libhavege1
not-installed"libhbalinux2
not-installed"libhbalinux2-devel
installed"libhdf4
not-installed"libhdf4-32bit
not-installed"libhdf4-openmpi
not-installed"libhdf4-openmpi-32bit
installed"libhdf5-10
not-installed"libhdf5-10-32bit
not-installed"libhdf5-10-openmpi
not-installed"libhdf5-10-openmpi-32bit
installed"libhdf5_hl10
not-installed"libhdf5_hl10-32bit
not-installed"libhdf5_hl10-openmpi
not-installed"libhdf5_hl10-openmpi-32bit
not-installed"libhdhomerun
not-installed"libhdhomerun-debugsource
not-installed"libhdhomerun-devel
not-installed"libhdhomerun1
not-installed"libhdhomerun20150826
not-installed"libhdhomerun20150826-debuginfo
not-installed"libheimdal
not-installed"libheimdal
not-installed"libheimdal-devel
not-installed"libhidapi-devel
not-installed"libhidapi-hidraw0
not-installed"libhidapi-libusb0
not-installed"libhiredis0_12
not-installed"libhivex0
not-installed"libhmac-devel
not-installed"libhmac-tools
not-installed"libhmac1
installed"libhogweed2
installed"libhogweed2-32bit
not-installed"libhowl0
installed"libhttp-parser-suse0
not-installed"libhttp-parser-suse0-32bit
not-installed"libhttrack2
not-installed"libhubbub-devel
not-installed"libhubbub-doc
not-installed"libhubbub0
not-installed"libhugetlbfs
not-installed"libhugetlbfs-32bit
not-installed"libhugetlbfs-libhugetlb-devel
not-installed"libhwloc5
not-installed"libhwsd2
not-installed"libhwsd2-debuginfo
not-installed"libhydrogen-core-devel
installed"libhydrogen-core0
installed"libhyphen0
not-installed"libhyphen0-32bit
not-installed"libibcm1
not-installed"libibcm1-32bit
not-installed"libibdm1
not-installed"libibmad-devel
not-installed"libibmad-devel-32bit
not-installed"libibmad5
not-installed"libibmad5-32bit
not-installed"libibnetdisc5
not-installed"libibumad3
not-installed"libibumad3-32bit
installed"libibus-1_0-5
not-installed"libibus-1_0-5-32bit
not-installed"libibverbs
not-installed"libibverbs-32bit
not-installed"libibverbs-utils
not-installed"libibverbs1
not-installed"libibverbs1-32bit
not-installed"libica-1_3_9
not-installed"libica-1_3_9-32bit
not-installed"libical
not-installed"libical-devel
not-installed"libical-devel-static
not-installed"libical-doc
not-installed"libical-glib-1_0-0
not-installed"libical-glib-devel
installed"libical1
not-installed"libical1-32bit
not-installed"libicecream-devel
not-installed"libicns1
not-installed"libicns1-devel
installed"libicu-devel
not-installed"libicu-devel-32bit
not-installed"libicu-doc
installed"libicu52_1
not-installed"libicu52_1-32bit
installed"libicu52_1-data
not-installed"libid3tag
not-installed"libid3tag-devel
installed"libid3tag0
not-installed"libid3tag0-32bit
not-installed"libidl-devel
not-installed"libidmef-devel
not-installed"libidmef1
not-installed"libidn-devel
not-installed"libidn-tools
installed"libidn11
installed"libidn11-32bit
not-installed"libidn2
not-installed"libidn2-0
not-installed"libidn2-0-32bit
not-installed"libidn2-devel
not-installed"libidn2-tools
not-installed"libido3-0_1-0
not-installed"libido3-0_1-0-32bit
not-installed"libiec61883
not-installed"libiec61883-32bit
not-installed"libiec61883-devel
installed"libieee1284
installed"libieee1284-32bit
not-installed"libieee1284-devel
not-installed"libiksemel3
not-installed"libilbc0
not-installed"libimaevm0
not-installed"libimobiledevice-devel
installed"libimobiledevice6
not-installed"libimobiledevice6-32bit
not-installed"libindi
not-installed"libindi-devel
not-installed"libindi-plugins
not-installed"libindiAlignmentDriver1
not-installed"libindicator-devel
not-installed"libindicator3-7
not-installed"libindicator3-devel
not-installed"libindicator7
not-installed"libindidriver1
not-installed"libinfinipath4
not-installed"libinfinipath4-32bit
not-installed"libinfinity-1_0-0
not-installed"libinfinity-devel
not-installed"libinfinity-lang
not-installed"libini_config-devel
not-installed"libini_config-devel-32bit
not-installed"libini_config5
not-installed"libini_config5-32bit
not-installed"libiniparser-devel
installed"libiniparser0
not-installed"libiniparser0-32bit
not-installed"libinjeqt1
not-installed"libinotifytools0
not-installed"libinput-devel
not-installed"libinput-tools
installed"libinput-udev
installed"libinput10
not-installed"libinput10-32bit
not-installed"libinvm-cim1
not-installed"libinvm-cli1
not-installed"libinvm-i18n1
not-installed"libiodbc-devel
not-installed"libiodbc3
not-installed"libipa_hbac-devel
not-installed"libipa_hbac0
not-installed"libiperf0
not-installed"libipq-devel
not-installed"libipq0
not-installed"libipset3
not-installed"libiptc-devel
installed"libiptc0
installed"libiptcdata
not-installed"libiptcdata-devel
not-installed"libiptcdata-doc
installed"libiptcdata-lang
installed"libiptcdata0
not-installed"libircclient-devel
not-installed"libircclient-doc
not-installed"libircclient1
not-installed"libirman-devel
not-installed"libirman-utils
not-installed"libirman0
not-installed"libirrecord0
not-installed"libiscsi-devel
not-installed"libiscsi-test
not-installed"libiscsi-utils
not-installed"libiscsi7
not-installed"libisds
not-installed"libisds-devel
not-installed"libisds5
installed"libisl10
not-installed"libisl10-32bit
installed"libiso9660-10
not-installed"libiso9660-10-32bit
not-installed"libisoburn-devel
installed"libisoburn1
not-installed"libisofs-devel
installed"libisofs6
not-installed"libiterm-devel
not-installed"libiterm1
installed"libitm1
not-installed"libitm1-32bit
not-installed"libitm1-gcc48
not-installed"libitm1-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libitm1-gcc5
not-installed"libitm1-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libitm1-gcc6
not-installed"libitm1-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libivykis0
not-installed"libiw-devel
installed"libiw30
installed"libixion-0_12-0
not-installed"libixion-devel
not-installed"libixion-python3
not-installed"libixion-tools
not-installed"libixpdimm-cim01
not-installed"libixpdimm-cli01
not-installed"libixpdimm-core01
not-installed"libixpdimm01
not-installed"libjack-devel
installed"libjack0
not-installed"libjack0-32bit
not-installed"libjackasyn
not-installed"libjackasyn-32bit
not-installed"libjansson-devel
not-installed"libjansson4
not-installed"libjansson4-32bit
not-installed"libjasper-devel
installed"libjasper1
installed"libjasper1-32bit
installed"libjavascriptcoregtk-1_0-0
not-installed"libjavascriptcoregtk-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libjavascriptcoregtk-3_0-0
not-installed"libjavascriptcoregtk-3_0-0-32bit
installed"libjavascriptcoregtk-4_0-18
not-installed"libjavascriptcoregtk-4_0-18-32bit
not-installed"libjaylink
not-installed"libjaylink-devel
not-installed"libjaylink0
not-installed"libjbig-devel
not-installed"libjbig-devel-32bit
installed"libjbig2
installed"libjbig2-32bit
not-installed"libjbig2dec0
not-installed"libjbig2dec0-32bit
not-installed"libjd0
not-installed"libjemalloc2
not-installed"libjim0_75
not-installed"libjnidispatch
not-installed"libjoschy-devel
not-installed"libjoschy0
not-installed"libjoschy0-debuginfo
installed"libjpeg-turbo
not-installed"libjpeg-turbo
installed"libjpeg62
not-installed"libjpeg62-32bit
not-installed"libjpeg62-devel
not-installed"libjpeg62-devel-32bit
not-installed"libjpeg62-turbo
not-installed"libjpeg62-turbo
installed"libjpeg8
installed"libjpeg8-32bit
not-installed"libjpeg8-devel
not-installed"libjpeg8-devel-32bit
not-installed"libjpegxr0
not-installed"libjpgalleg-devel
not-installed"libjpgalleg4_4
not-installed"libjpgalleg4_4-32bit
not-installed"libjq-devel
installed"libjq1
not-installed"libjreen-devel
not-installed"libjreen-qt5-1
not-installed"libjreen-qt5-devel
not-installed"libjreen1
not-installed"libjsmn0
not-installed"libjson-c-devel
not-installed"libjson-c-doc
installed"libjson-c2
installed"libjson-c2-32bit
installed"libjson-glib-1_0-0
not-installed"libjson-glib-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libjsoncpp1
not-installed"libjsoncpp11
not-installed"libjsoncpp11-debuginfo
not-installed"libjte-devel
not-installed"libjte1
not-installed"libjxrglue0
installed"libkaccounts1
not-installed"libkactivities-devel
installed"libkactivities6
not-installed"libkactivities6-32bit
not-installed"libkate-devel
not-installed"libkate-tools
installed"libkate1
not-installed"libkate1-32bit
not-installed"libkatepartinterfaces4
not-installed"libkcapi
not-installed"libkcapi-devel
not-installed"libkcapi-tools
not-installed"libkcapi0
not-installed"libkcarchiver0
not-installed"libkcarchivercore0
not-installed"libkcddb
not-installed"libkcddb-devel
not-installed"libkcddb-lang
installed"libkcddb4
not-installed"libkcddb4-devel
not-installed"libkcfreebusy0
not-installed"libkchart-lang
not-installed"libkchl0
not-installed"libkcicalmapi0
not-installed"libkcinetmapi0
not-installed"libkcmapi0
not-installed"libkcompactdisc-devel
installed"libkcompactdisc-lang
installed"libkcompactdisc4
not-installed"libkcompactdisc4-devel
not-installed"libkcserver0
not-installed"libkcsoap0
not-installed"libkcssl0
not-installed"libkcsync0
not-installed"libkcutil0
not-installed"libkdcraw-devel
installed"libkde4
not-installed"libkde4-32bit
not-installed"libkde4-devel
not-installed"libkdecoration2-devel
not-installed"libkdecoration2-devel-32bit
installed"libkdecorations2-5
not-installed"libkdecorations2-5-32bit
installed"libkdecorations2private5
not-installed"libkdecorations2private5-32bit
installed"libkdecore4
not-installed"libkdecore4-32bit
not-installed"libkdecore4-devel
installed"libkdegames
not-installed"libkdegames-devel
installed"libkdegames-lang
installed"libkdegames4
not-installed"libkdegames4-devel
installed"libkdegames6
installed"libkdepim
not-installed"libkdepim-devel
installed"libkdepim-lang
installed"libkdepimlibs4
not-installed"libkdepimlibs4-32bit
not-installed"libkdepimlibs4-devel
not-installed"libkdevplatform10
not-installed"libkdevplatform4-devel
not-installed"libkdevplatform8
not-installed"libkdstatemachineeditor_core1_2_0
not-installed"libkdstatemachineeditor_view1_2_0
not-installed"libkdumpfile-devel
not-installed"libkdumpfile0
not-installed"libkeduvocdocument-devel
not-installed"libkeduvocdocument-lang
installed"libkerfuffle17
not-installed"libkexiv2-devel
not-installed"libkeybinder-3_0-0
not-installed"libkeybinder0
installed"libkeyutils1
installed"libkeyutils1-32bit
installed"libkf5kdegames6
not-installed"libkface
not-installed"libkface-devel
not-installed"libkfbapi-devel
not-installed"libkfbapi-lang
not-installed"libkfbapi1
installed"libkgantt-lang
not-installed"libkgapi-devel
installed"libkgapi-lang
not-installed"libkgeomap
not-installed"libkgeomap-devel
not-installed"libkgeomap-lang
installed"libkipi-data
not-installed"libkipi-devel
not-installed"libkkc-devel
not-installed"libkkc2
not-installed"libkkc2-32bit
installed"libkleo
not-installed"libkleo-devel
installed"libkleo-lang
not-installed"libklfbackend-devel
not-installed"libklfbackend-qt3-3_2
not-installed"libklfbackend-qt3-devel
not-installed"libklfbackend3_2
not-installed"libklftools-devel
not-installed"libklftools3_2
not-installed"libklu-1_3_3
installed"libkmahjongg
not-installed"libkmahjongg-devel
installed"libkmahjongg-lang
not-installed"libkmahjongg4
not-installed"libkmahjongg4-devel
not-installed"libkmahjongglib4
not-installed"libkmod-devel
installed"libkmod2
not-installed"libkms-devel
not-installed"libkms-devel-32bit
installed"libkms1
not-installed"libkms1-32bit
not-installed"libkolab-devel
not-installed"libkolab-qt5-devel
not-installed"libkolab0
installed"libkolab1
not-installed"libkolabxml-devel
installed"libkolabxml1
installed"libkomparediff2-5
not-installed"libkomparediff2-devel
installed"libkomparediff2-lang
not-installed"libkonkretcmpi0
not-installed"libkpathsea6
not-installed"libkpmcore4
not-installed"libkqoauth-devel
not-installed"libkqoauth0
not-installed"libkqoauth0-32bit
not-installed"libksane-devel
installed"libksane-lang
not-installed"libksba-devel
installed"libksba8
not-installed"libkscreen
not-installed"libkscreen-devel
not-installed"libkscreen1
not-installed"libkscreen2-devel
not-installed"libkscreen2-devel-32bit
installed"libkscreen2-plugin
not-installed"libkscreen2-plugin-32bit
not-installed"libksi-devel
not-installed"libksi1
installed"libksieve
not-installed"libksieve-devel
installed"libksieve-lang
not-installed"libksuseinstall-devel
installed"libksuseinstall1
not-installed"libksuseinstall1-32bit
installed"libksysguard5
not-installed"libksysguard5-32bit
not-installed"libksysguard5-devel
not-installed"libksysguard5-devel-32bit
installed"libksysguard5-helper
installed"libksysguard5-lang
not-installed"libktoblzcheck1
not-installed"libktoblzcheck1-devel
not-installed"libktorrent
not-installed"libktorrent-devel
installed"libktorrent6
installed"libktorrent6-lang
installed"libktpaccountskcminternal9
not-installed"libkvazaar-devel
not-installed"libkvazaar3
not-installed"libkvazaar3-debuginfo
not-installed"libkvkontakte-devel
not-installed"libkvkontakte-lang
not-installed"libkvkontakte1
installed"libkwalletbackend5-5
not-installed"libkwalletbackend5-5-32bit
not-installed"libkwnn0
not-installed"libkyotocabinet-devel
not-installed"libkyotocabinet16
not-installed"liblangtag-devel
not-installed"liblangtag-doc
installed"liblangtag1
installed"liblapack3
not-installed"liblapack3-32bit
not-installed"liblapacke3
not-installed"liblapacke3-32bit
not-installed"liblasem-0_4-4
installed"liblash1
not-installed"liblash1-32bit
not-installed"liblastfm-devel
not-installed"liblastfm-qt5-devel
installed"liblastfm1
not-installed"liblastfm5-1
not-installed"liblastfm5-1-32bit
not-installed"liblastfm_fingerprint5-1
not-installed"liblastfm_fingerprint5-1-32bit
not-installed"liblaszip6
installed"liblayout
not-installed"liblayout-javadoc
not-installed"liblazy-devel
not-installed"liblazy1
not-installed"liblazy1-32bit
not-installed"liblbxutil-devel
not-installed"liblbxutil-devel-32bit
not-installed"liblbxutil1
not-installed"liblbxutil1-32bit
not-installed"liblcms-devel
not-installed"liblcms-devel-32bit
installed"liblcms1
not-installed"liblcms1-32bit
installed"liblcms2-2
installed"liblcms2-2-32bit
not-installed"liblcms2-devel
not-installed"liblcms2-devel-32bit
not-installed"liblcms2-doc
installed"libldap-2_4-2
installed"libldap-2_4-2-32bit
installed"libldap-data
not-installed"libldapcpp-devel
installed"libldapcpp1
not-installed"libldb-devel
installed"libldb1
installed"libldb1-32bit
not-installed"libldl-2_2_1
not-installed"libldm-1_0-0
not-installed"libldm-1_0-0-devel
not-installed"libldns1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-db0_6_75_1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-gui0_6_75_1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-models0_6_75_1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-network0_6_75_1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-qml0_6_75_2
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-shortcuts0_6_75
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-sll0_6_75_1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-svcauth0_6_75
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-sys0_6_75_1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-tags0_6_75_1
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-threads0_6_75
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-x11-0_6_75
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-xdg0_6_75
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-xpc0_6_75_2
not-installed"libleechcraft-util-xsd0_6_75
not-installed"liblegion1
installed"liblensfun0
not-installed"liblept4
not-installed"liblept4-32bit
not-installed"libleveldb1
not-installed"liblhasa0
not-installed"liblibkremotecontrol1
not-installed"liblightdm-gobject-1-0
not-installed"liblightdm-qt-3-0
not-installed"liblightdm-qt5-3-0
not-installed"liblightgrep-devel
not-installed"liblightgrep0
installed"liblilv-0-0
not-installed"liblilv-0-0-32bit
not-installed"liblilv-0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"liblilv-0-devel
not-installed"liblinebreak-devel
installed"liblinebreak2
not-installed"liblinuxsampler-devel
not-installed"liblinuxsampler4
not-installed"liblinuxsampler4-debuginfo
not-installed"liblirc0
not-installed"liblirc0-32bit
installed"liblirc_client0
not-installed"liblirc_client0-32bit
not-installed"liblirc_driver0
not-installed"liblirc_driver0-32bit
not-installed"liblittleb0
not-installed"libliveMedia-devel
not-installed"liblldp_clif1
not-installed"liblldpctl4
installed"liblmdb-0_9_14
not-installed"liblmdb-0_9_14-32bit
not-installed"liblmicclogger1
not-installed"liblnk-devel
not-installed"liblnk-tools
not-installed"liblnk1
not-installed"liblo-devel
not-installed"liblo7
not-installed"liblo7-32bit
installed"libloader
not-installed"libloader-javadoc
not-installed"libloadpng-devel
not-installed"libloadpng4_4
not-installed"libloadpng4_4-32bit
installed"liblockdev1
installed"liblockdev1-32bit
not-installed"liblog4c-devel
not-installed"liblog4c-doc
not-installed"liblog4c3
not-installed"liblog4c3-32bit
not-installed"liblog4cplus-1_1-5
not-installed"liblog4cpp5
not-installed"liblog4cpp5-debuginfo
not-installed"liblog4shib-devel
not-installed"liblog4shib1
not-installed"liblogg-devel
not-installed"liblogg4_4
not-installed"liblogg4_4-32bit
not-installed"liblogging-devel
not-installed"liblogging0
not-installed"liblognorm-devel
not-installed"liblognorm5
not-installed"libloki-devel
not-installed"libloki-doc
not-installed"libloki0_1_7
installed"libloudmouth-1-0
not-installed"liblouis
not-installed"liblouis-data
not-installed"liblouis-devel
not-installed"liblouis-doc
not-installed"liblouis-tools
not-installed"liblouis9
installed"liblpsolve55-0
installed"liblqr-1-0
not-installed"liblqr-1-0-32bit
not-installed"liblqr-devel
not-installed"liblrdf-devel
installed"liblrdf2
not-installed"liblrdf2-32bit
not-installed"liblrzip-devel
not-installed"liblrzip0
not-installed"liblsan0
not-installed"liblsan0-gcc5
not-installed"liblsan0-gcc6
not-installed"liblscp
not-installed"liblscp-debugsource
not-installed"liblscp-devel
not-installed"liblscp6
not-installed"liblscp6-debuginfo
not-installed"liblsmash2
not-installed"libltc-devel
not-installed"libltc11
installed"libltdl7
installed"libltdl7-32bit
installed"liblua5_1
installed"liblua5_1-32bit
installed"liblua5_2
not-installed"liblua5_2-32bit
not-installed"libluabind0_9_1
not-installed"libluajit-5_1-2
not-installed"liblucene++0
not-installed"liblur3
not-installed"liblxpanel0
not-installed"liblxqt-devel
not-installed"liblxqt-globalkeys-ui0
not-installed"liblxqt-globalkeys0
not-installed"liblxqt-lang
not-installed"liblxqt0
not-installed"liblz1
not-installed"liblz4-1_4
not-installed"liblz4-devel
installed"liblzma5
installed"liblzma5-32bit
installed"liblzo2-2
not-installed"liblzo2-2-32bit
not-installed"libm17n0
not-installed"libm17n0-32bit
not-installed"libm4ri-0_0_20140914
not-installed"libm4ri-devel
not-installed"libm4rie-0_0_20140914
not-installed"libm4rie-devel
not-installed"libmac
not-installed"libmac-debugsource
not-installed"libmac-devel
not-installed"libmac2
not-installed"libmac2-debuginfo
not-installed"libmad
not-installed"libmad-debugsource
not-installed"libmad-devel
installed"libmad0
not-installed"libmad0-32bit
not-installed"libmad0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmad0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libmagic1
installed"libmagic1-32bit
not-installed"libmakemkv1
not-installed"libmal-devel
not-installed"libmal1
not-installed"libmalaga-devel
not-installed"libmalaga7
not-installed"libmalaga7-32bit
not-installed"libmapi1
not-installed"libmapidb-devel
not-installed"libmapidb1
not-installed"libmarblewidget-devel
installed"libmarblewidget-qt5-27
not-installed"libmarblewidget22
not-installed"libmarco-private1
not-installed"libmariadb-devel
not-installed"libmariadb2
not-installed"libmariadb_plugins
not-installed"libmariadbprivate
not-installed"libmarisa0
not-installed"libmarisa0-32bit
not-installed"libmarkdown-devel
not-installed"libmarkdown2
not-installed"libmate-desktop-2-17
not-installed"libmate-menu2
not-installed"libmate-menu2-32bit
not-installed"libmate-panel-applet-4-1
not-installed"libmate-panel-applet-4-1-32bit
not-installed"libmate-sensors-applet-plugin0
not-installed"libmate-sensors-applet-plugin0-32bit
not-installed"libmate-slab-devel
not-installed"libmate-slab0
not-installed"libmate-window-settings1
not-installed"libmatedict-devel
not-installed"libmatedict6
not-installed"libmatekbd-devel
not-installed"libmatekbd-lang
not-installed"libmatekbd4
not-installed"libmatekbd4-32bit
not-installed"libmatemixer-devel
not-installed"libmatemixer-lang
not-installed"libmatemixer0
not-installed"libmatemixer0-32bit
not-installed"libmateweather-devel
not-installed"libmateweather-lang
not-installed"libmateweather1
not-installed"libmateweather1-32bit
not-installed"libmatio-devel
not-installed"libmatio2
not-installed"libmatroska-devel
installed"libmatroska6
not-installed"libmatroska6-32bit
not-installed"libmaxminddb-devel
not-installed"libmaxminddb0
not-installed"libmaya-calendar0
not-installed"libmbedtls9
not-installed"libmbedtls9-32bit
not-installed"libmbim
not-installed"libmbim-devel
installed"libmbim-glib4
not-installed"libmcli
not-installed"libmcli-debuginfo
not-installed"libmcpp0
not-installed"libmcrypt
not-installed"libmcrypt-devel
not-installed"libmd-devel
not-installed"libmd0
not-installed"libmdb2
not-installed"libmdbsql2
installed"libmeanwhile1
not-installed"libmediaart-1_0-0
not-installed"libmediaart-1_0-devel
installed"libmediaart-2_0-0
not-installed"libmediaart-devel
not-installed"libmediainfo
not-installed"libmediainfo-debugsource
not-installed"libmediainfo-devel
installed"libmediainfo0
not-installed"libmediainfo0-32bit
not-installed"libmediainfo0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmediastreamer_base7
not-installed"libmediastreamer_base7-32bit
not-installed"libmediastreamer_base7-debuginfo
not-installed"libmediastreamer_voip7
not-installed"libmediastreamer_voip7-32bit
not-installed"libmediastreamer_voip7-debuginfo
not-installed"libmeep7
not-installed"libmemcache-devel
not-installed"libmemcache0
not-installed"libmemcached
not-installed"libmemcached-devel
not-installed"libmemcached11
not-installed"libmemcachedutil2
not-installed"libmemkind0
not-installed"libmemphis-0_2-0
not-installed"libmenu-cache3
not-installed"libmesode-devel
not-installed"libmesode0
not-installed"libmetacity-private3
not-installed"libmetalink-devel
not-installed"libmetalink3
not-installed"libmetis5
not-installed"libmgl-fltk7_4_1
not-installed"libmgl-glut7_4_1
not-installed"libmgl-mpi7_4_1
not-installed"libmgl-qt4-7_4_1
not-installed"libmgl-qt5-7_4_1
not-installed"libmgl-wnd7_4_1
not-installed"libmgl-wx7_4_1
not-installed"libmgl7_4_1
not-installed"libmhash2
not-installed"libmicro
not-installed"libmicrohttpd
not-installed"libmicrohttpd-debugsource
not-installed"libmicrohttpd-devel
installed"libmicrohttpd10
not-installed"libmicrohttpd12
not-installed"libmicrohttpd12-debuginfo
not-installed"libmicrospdy-devel
not-installed"libmicrospdy0
not-installed"libmidori-core1
not-installed"libmidori-core1-32bit
not-installed"libmikmod-devel
installed"libmikmod3
not-installed"libmikmod3-32bit
not-installed"libmilter-doc
not-installed"libmilter1_0
not-installed"libminisat2
not-installed"libminiupnpc-devel
not-installed"libminiupnpc10
not-installed"libminiupnpc10-32bit
installed"libminizip1
not-installed"libmirage-3_0
not-installed"libmirage-data
not-installed"libmirage-devel
not-installed"libmirage10
not-installed"libmisdn1
installed"libmission-control-plugins0
installed"libmjpegutils-2_0-0
not-installed"libmjpegutils-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libmjpegutils-2_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmjpegutils-2_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libmjpegutils-devel
not-installed"libmlt
not-installed"libmlt++-devel
not-installed"libmlt++3
not-installed"libmlt++3-debuginfo
not-installed"libmlt-debugsource
not-installed"libmlt-devel
not-installed"libmlt6
not-installed"libmlt6-data
not-installed"libmlt6-debuginfo
not-installed"libmlt6-modules
not-installed"libmlt6-modules-debuginfo
not-installed"libmlx5-1
not-installed"libmlx5-1-32bit
not-installed"libmm-devel
installed"libmm-glib0
not-installed"libmm14
not-installed"libmmbd0
not-installed"libmms-devel
installed"libmms0
not-installed"libmms0-32bit
not-installed"libmng-devel
installed"libmng1
not-installed"libmng1-32bit
not-installed"libmnl-devel
installed"libmnl0
not-installed"libmnl0-32bit
not-installed"libmodglue1
not-installed"libmodman-devel
installed"libmodman1
not-installed"libmodman1-32bit
not-installed"libmodplug-devel
installed"libmodplug1
not-installed"libmodplug1-32bit
not-installed"libmono-2_0-1
not-installed"libmono-2_0-devel
not-installed"libmono-profiler-gui-thread-check0
not-installed"libmono-profiler-gui-thread-check0-devel
not-installed"libmonoboehm-2_0-1
not-installed"libmonoboehm-2_0-devel
not-installed"libmonosgen-2_0-1
not-installed"libmonosgen-2_0-devel
not-installed"libmopac7-1
not-installed"libmopac7-1-devel
not-installed"libmount-devel
not-installed"libmount-devel-32bit
not-installed"libmount-devel-static
installed"libmount1
not-installed"libmount1-32bit
not-installed"libmovit6
not-installed"libmovit6-debuginfo
not-installed"libmowgli-2-0
not-installed"libmowgli-devel
not-installed"libmowgli2
not-installed"libmowgli2-32bit
not-installed"libmowgli2-devel
installed"libmozjs-17_0
not-installed"libmozjs-17_0-32bit
installed"libmozjs-24
not-installed"libmozjs-24-32bit
not-installed"libmozjs-38
not-installed"libmozjs-38-32bit
not-installed"libmozjs185-1_0
not-installed"libmozjs185-1_0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmp3lame-devel
installed"libmp3lame0
not-installed"libmp3lame0-32bit
not-installed"libmp3lame0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmp3lame0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libmp3splt
not-installed"libmp3splt-debugsource
not-installed"libmp3splt-devel
not-installed"libmp3splt0
not-installed"libmp3splt0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmp3splt0-mp3
not-installed"libmp3splt0-mp3-debuginfo
not-installed"libmp3splt0-ogg
not-installed"libmp3splt0-ogg-debuginfo
installed"libmpc3
not-installed"libmpc3-32bit
not-installed"libmpcdec-devel
installed"libmpcdec5
not-installed"libmpcdec5-32bit
not-installed"libmpd-devel
not-installed"libmpd1
not-installed"libmpd1-32bit
not-installed"libmpdclient
not-installed"libmpdclient-debugsource
not-installed"libmpdclient-devel
not-installed"libmpdclient2
not-installed"libmpdclient2-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpeg2
installed"libmpeg2-0
not-installed"libmpeg2-0-32bit
not-installed"libmpeg2-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpeg2-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libmpeg2-debugsource
not-installed"libmpeg2-devel
installed"libmpeg2convert0
not-installed"libmpeg2convert0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0
not-installed"libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libmpeg3-1
not-installed"libmpeg3-1
not-installed"libmpeg3-1-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpeg3-1-debugsource
not-installed"libmpeg3-devel
not-installed"libmpeg3-utils
not-installed"libmpeg3-utils-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpeg4ip-devel
not-installed"libmpeg4ip0
not-installed"libmpeg4ip0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpfc-devel
not-installed"libmpfc2
not-installed"libmpfc2-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpfi0
installed"libmpfr4
not-installed"libmpfr4-32bit
installed"libmpg123-0
installed"libmpg123-0-32bit
not-installed"libmpg123-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpg123-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libmpir-devel
not-installed"libmpir11
not-installed"libmpirxx4
not-installed"libmpv1
not-installed"libmpv1-debuginfo
not-installed"libmpx0
not-installed"libmpx0-32bit
not-installed"libmpx2
not-installed"libmpx2-32bit
not-installed"libmpx2-gcc6
not-installed"libmpx2-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libmpxwrappers0
not-installed"libmpxwrappers0-32bit
not-installed"libmpxwrappers2
not-installed"libmpxwrappers2-32bit
not-installed"libmpxwrappers2-gcc6
not-installed"libmpxwrappers2-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libmraa1
not-installed"libmrss-devel
not-installed"libmrss0
not-installed"libmrss0-32bit
not-installed"libmsgpackc2
installed"libmsi0
not-installed"libmsi0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmsiecf-devel
not-installed"libmsiecf-tools
not-installed"libmsiecf1
not-installed"libmsn-devel
not-installed"libmsn0_3
not-installed"libmspack-devel
installed"libmspack0
not-installed"libmspack0-32bit
installed"libmspub-0_1-1
not-installed"libmspub-devel
not-installed"libmspub-devel-doc
not-installed"libmspub-tools
installed"libmtdev1
not-installed"libmtdev1-32bit
not-installed"libmtp-devel
installed"libmtp-udev
installed"libmtp9
not-installed"libmuffin0
not-installed"libmunge2
not-installed"libmunge2-32bit
not-installed"libmuparser2_2_5
not-installed"libmuparser2_2_5-32bit
not-installed"libmupen64plus-devel
not-installed"libmupen64plus2
not-installed"libmupen64plus2-debuginfo
not-installed"libmuroar0
not-installed"libmuroar0-debuginfo
not-installed"libmuroard3
not-installed"libmuroard3-debuginfo
not-installed"libmusicbrainz-devel
not-installed"libmusicbrainz3-6
not-installed"libmusicbrainz3-6-32bit
not-installed"libmusicbrainz3-devel
installed"libmusicbrainz4
not-installed"libmusicbrainz4-3
not-installed"libmusicbrainz4-3-32bit
not-installed"libmusicbrainz4-32bit
not-installed"libmusicbrainz4-devel
installed"libmusicbrainz5-1
not-installed"libmusicbrainz5-1-32bit
not-installed"libmusicbrainz5-devel
not-installed"libmutter0
installed"libmwaw-0_3-3
not-installed"libmwaw-devel
not-installed"libmwaw-devel-doc
not-installed"libmwaw-tools
not-installed"libmxml1
not-installed"libmxml1-32bit
not-installed"libmygpo-qt-devel
installed"libmygpo-qt1
not-installed"libmygpo-qt5-1
not-installed"libmygpo-qt5-devel
not-installed"libmysql56client18
not-installed"libmysql56client18-32bit
not-installed"libmysql56client_r18
not-installed"libmysql56client_r18-32bit
not-installed"libmysqlclient-devel
installed"libmysqlclient18
not-installed"libmysqlclient18-32bit
installed"libmysqlclient_r18
not-installed"libmysqlclient_r18-32bit
not-installed"libmysqlcppconn-devel
installed"libmysqlcppconn7
not-installed"libmysqld-devel
installed"libmysqld18
not-installed"libmyth-0_27
not-installed"libmyth-0_27-debuginfo
not-installed"libmyth-0_27-devel
not-installed"libmyth-0_28-0
not-installed"libmyth-0_28-0-debuginfo
installed"libmythes-1_2-0
installed"libnautilus-extension1
not-installed"libnautilus-extension1-32bit
installed"libncurses5
installed"libncurses5-32bit
installed"libncurses6
installed"libncurses6-32bit
not-installed"libndctl-devel
not-installed"libndctl6
not-installed"libndp
not-installed"libndp-devel
installed"libndp0
not-installed"libndr-devel
not-installed"libndr-krb5pac-devel
installed"libndr-krb5pac0
installed"libndr-krb5pac0-32bit
not-installed"libndr-nbt-devel
installed"libndr-nbt0
installed"libndr-nbt0-32bit
not-installed"libndr-standard-devel
installed"libndr-standard0
installed"libndr-standard0-32bit
installed"libndr0
installed"libndr0-32bit
not-installed"libneko1
not-installed"libnemo-extension1
not-installed"libneon-devel
installed"libneon27
not-installed"libneon27-32bit
not-installed"libnet-devel
not-installed"libnet-doc
not-installed"libnet9
not-installed"libnetapi-devel
installed"libnetapi0
installed"libnetapi0-32bit
installed"libnetcdf7
not-installed"libnetcdf7-32bit
not-installed"libnetcdf_c++-devel
not-installed"libnetcdf_c++4
not-installed"libnetcdf_c++4-1
not-installed"libnetcdf_c++4-devel
not-installed"libnetcontrol-devel
not-installed"libnetcontrol0
not-installed"libnetcontrol0-32bit
not-installed"libnetfilter_acct-devel
not-installed"libnetfilter_acct1
not-installed"libnetfilter_acct1-32bit
not-installed"libnetfilter_conntrack-devel
installed"libnetfilter_conntrack3
not-installed"libnetfilter_conntrack3-32bit
not-installed"libnetfilter_cthelper-devel
not-installed"libnetfilter_cthelper0
not-installed"libnetfilter_cthelper0-32bit
not-installed"libnetfilter_cttimeout-devel
not-installed"libnetfilter_cttimeout1
not-installed"libnetfilter_cttimeout1-32bit
not-installed"libnetfilter_log-devel
not-installed"libnetfilter_log1
not-installed"libnetfilter_log1-32bit
not-installed"libnetfilter_queue-devel
not-installed"libnetfilter_queue1
not-installed"libnetfilter_queue1-32bit
not-installed"libnetlink-devel
not-installed"libnetpbm-devel
installed"libnetpbm11
not-installed"libnetpbm11-32bit
installed"libnettle-devel
not-installed"libnettle-devel-32bit
installed"libnettle4
installed"libnettle4-32bit
installed"libnewt0_52
not-installed"libnewt0_52-32bit
not-installed"libnextcloudsync-devel
not-installed"libnextcloudsync0
not-installed"libnfc-devel
not-installed"libnfc-tools
not-installed"libnfc5
not-installed"libnfnetlink-devel
installed"libnfnetlink0
not-installed"libnfnetlink0-32bit
not-installed"libnfs
not-installed"libnfs-debugsource
not-installed"libnfs-devel
installed"libnfs8
not-installed"libnfs8-debuginfo
not-installed"libnfsjunct0
not-installed"libnftnl-devel
not-installed"libnftnl-devel-32bit
not-installed"libnftnl4
not-installed"libnftnl4-32bit
installed"libnghttp2-14
not-installed"libnghttp2-14-32bit
not-installed"libnghttp2-devel
not-installed"libnghttp2_asio-devel
not-installed"libnghttp2_asio1
not-installed"libnghttp2_asio1-32bit
not-installed"libnice
not-installed"libnice-devel
installed"libnice10
not-installed"libnice10-32bit
not-installed"libnilfs0
not-installed"libnilfscleaner0
not-installed"libnilfsgc0
not-installed"libnjb
not-installed"libnjb-devel
not-installed"libnjb5
not-installed"libnl-1_1-devel
not-installed"libnl-1_1-devel-32bit
installed"libnl-config
not-installed"libnl-doc
not-installed"libnl-tools
not-installed"libnl1
not-installed"libnl1-32bit
installed"libnl3-200
installed"libnl3-200-32bit
not-installed"libnl3-devel
not-installed"libnl3-devel-32bit
not-installed"libnlopt0
installed"libnm-glib-vpn1
not-installed"libnm-glib-vpn1-32bit
installed"libnm-glib4
installed"libnm-glib4-32bit
not-installed"libnm-gtk-devel
not-installed"libnm-gtk0
installed"libnm-util2
installed"libnm-util2-32bit
installed"libnm0
not-installed"libnoise-core0
not-installed"libnordlicht0
not-installed"libnordlicht0-debuginfo
not-installed"libnotify-devel
not-installed"libnotify-devel-32bit
installed"libnotify-tools
installed"libnotify4
not-installed"libnotify4-32bit
not-installed"libnotmuch4
not-installed"libnova-0_15-0
not-installed"libnova-devel
not-installed"libnpth0
not-installed"libnscd-devel
not-installed"libnscd1
not-installed"libnscd1-32bit
not-installed"libnsl-devel
installed"libnsl2
not-installed"libnsl2-32bit
installed"libnsssharedhelper0
not-installed"libnsssharedhelper0-32bit
not-installed"libntfs-3g-devel
installed"libntfs-3g84
not-installed"libntk1
not-installed"libntl15
not-installed"libntlm-devel
not-installed"libntlm0
not-installed"libnuma-devel
installed"libnuma1
not-installed"libnuma1-32bit
not-installed"libnxcl
not-installed"libnxcl-devel
not-installed"libnxcl1
not-installed"libnxml
not-installed"libnxml-debugsource
not-installed"libnxml-devel
not-installed"libnxml0
not-installed"libnxml0-32bit
not-installed"libnxml0-debuginfo
not-installed"liboaml_shared1
not-installed"liboauth-devel
installed"liboauth0
not-installed"liboauth0-32bit
not-installed"libobby-0_4-1
not-installed"libobjc2
not-installed"libobjc2-devel
not-installed"libobjc4
not-installed"libobjc4-32bit
not-installed"libobjc4-gcc7
not-installed"libobjc4-gcc7-32bit
not-installed"libobrender32
not-installed"libobt2
not-installed"libode3
not-installed"libodfgen
installed"libodfgen-0_1-1
not-installed"libodfgen-devel
not-installed"libodfgen-devel-doc
not-installed"libodraw-devel
not-installed"libodraw-tools
not-installed"libodraw1
not-installed"libofa-devel
installed"libofa0
not-installed"libofa0-32bit
not-installed"libofetion-devel
not-installed"libofetion1
not-installed"libofx
not-installed"libofx-devel
not-installed"libofx6
not-installed"libogg-devel
installed"libogg0
installed"libogg0-32bit
installed"liboggkate1
not-installed"liboggkate1-32bit
not-installed"liboggz-devel
not-installed"liboggz-doc
not-installed"liboggz2
not-installed"liboggz2-32bit
not-installed"libogmrip-devel
not-installed"libogmrip1
not-installed"libogmrip1-debuginfo
not-installed"libohcount
not-installed"liboil
not-installed"liboil-32bit
not-installed"liboil-devel
not-installed"liboil-doc
not-installed"liboldX-devel
not-installed"liboldX-devel-32bit
not-installed"liboldX6
not-installed"liboldX6-32bit
not-installed"libolecf-devel
not-installed"libolecf-tools
not-installed"libolecf1
installed"libonig2
not-installed"liboop-devel
not-installed"liboop4
not-installed"libopagent1
not-installed"libopagent1-32bit
not-installed"libopal-devel
not-installed"libopal3_10_10
not-installed"libopenal0
not-installed"libopenal0-32bit
installed"libopenal1
installed"libopenal1-32bit
not-installed"libopenbabel-devel
not-installed"libopenbabel4
not-installed"libopenbabel4-32bit
not-installed"libopenblas_openmp-devel
not-installed"libopenblas_openmp0
not-installed"libopenblas_pthreads-devel
not-installed"libopenblas_pthreads0
not-installed"libopenblas_serial-devel
not-installed"libopenblas_serial0
not-installed"libopenblaso0
not-installed"libopenblasp0
installed"libopencc2
not-installed"libopencdk-devel
not-installed"libopencdk-devel-32bit
not-installed"libopencdk10
not-installed"libopencdk10-32bit
not-installed"libopencore-amr-devel
not-installed"libopencore-amrnb0
not-installed"libopencore-amrnb0-32bit
not-installed"libopencore-amrnb0-debuginfo
not-installed"libopencore-amrnb0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libopencore-amrwb0
not-installed"libopencore-amrwb0-32bit
not-installed"libopencore-amrwb0-debuginfo
not-installed"libopencore-amrwb0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libopenct1
not-installed"libopenct1-32bit
installed"libopencv-qt56_3
installed"libopencv3_1
installed"libopenjp2-7
not-installed"libopenjp2-7-32bit
installed"libopenjpeg1
not-installed"libopenjpeg1-32bit
not-installed"libopenlibm1
not-installed"libopenobex2
not-installed"libopenraw-devel
installed"libopenraw1
not-installed"libopenraw1-32bit
not-installed"libopenscap8
not-installed"libopenshot
not-installed"libopenshot-audio
not-installed"libopenshot-audio-debugsource
not-installed"libopenshot-audio-devel
not-installed"libopenshot-audio-devel-debuginfo
not-installed"libopenshot-audio3
not-installed"libopenshot-audio3-debuginfo
not-installed"libopenshot-debugsource
not-installed"libopenshot-devel
not-installed"libopenshot1
not-installed"libopenshot1-debuginfo
not-installed"libopenslide-devel
not-installed"libopenslide0
not-installed"libopenspecfun1
not-installed"libopenssl-devel
not-installed"libopenssl-devel-32bit
not-installed"libopenssl0_9_8
not-installed"libopenssl0_9_8-32bit
installed"libopenssl1_0_0
installed"libopenssl1_0_0-32bit
not-installed"libopenssl1_0_0-hmac
not-installed"libopenssl1_0_0-hmac-32bit
installed"libopenssl1_0_0-steam
installed"libopenssl1_0_0-steam-32bit
not-installed"libopenvas
not-installed"libopenvas-devel
not-installed"libopenvas_base6
not-installed"libopenvas_hg6
not-installed"libopenvas_misc6
not-installed"libopenvas_nasl6
not-installed"libopenvas_omp6
not-installed"liboping-devel
not-installed"liboping-devel-32bit
not-installed"liboping0
not-installed"liboping0-32bit
not-installed"libopus-devel
not-installed"libopus-devel-static
installed"libopus0
not-installed"libopus0-32bit
not-installed"libopusfile0
installed"liborc-0_4-0
installed"liborc-0_4-0-32bit
installed"liborcus-0_12-0
not-installed"liborcus-devel
not-installed"liborcus-python3
not-installed"liborcus-tools
not-installed"liborigin-devel
not-installed"liborigin-doc
not-installed"liborigin-tools
not-installed"liborigin0
not-installed"libortp12
not-installed"libortp12-32bit
not-installed"libortp12-debuginfo
installed"libosinfo
installed"libosinfo-1_0-0
not-installed"libosinfo-devel
installed"libosinfo-lang
not-installed"libosinfo-vala
installed"libosip2
installed"libosip2-devel
not-installed"libosmgpsmap-1_0-0
not-installed"libosmgpsmap-devel
not-installed"libosmo-dsp-devel
not-installed"libosmo-dsp-doc
not-installed"libosmo-mtp-0_7_0
not-installed"libosmo-mtp-devel
not-installed"libosmo-sccp-0_7_0
not-installed"libosmo-sccp-devel
not-installed"libosmo-xua-0_7_0
not-installed"libosmo-xua-devel
not-installed"libosmoabis-devel
not-installed"libosmoabis5
not-installed"libosmocodec-devel
not-installed"libosmocodec0
not-installed"libosmocore-devel
not-installed"libosmocore-tools
not-installed"libosmocore6
not-installed"libosmoctrl-devel
not-installed"libosmoctrl0
not-installed"libosmodsp0
not-installed"libosmogb-devel
not-installed"libosmogb4
not-installed"libosmogsm-devel
not-installed"libosmogsm5
not-installed"libosmonetif-devel
not-installed"libosmonetif3
not-installed"libosmosim-devel
not-installed"libosmosim0
not-installed"libosmotrau-devel
not-installed"libosmotrau1
not-installed"libosmovty-devel
not-installed"libosmovty2
not-installed"libospf0
not-installed"libospfapiclient0
not-installed"libossp-uuid++16
not-installed"libossp-uuid16
not-installed"libossp-uuid_dce16
not-installed"libostree
not-installed"libostree-1-1
not-installed"libostree-devel
not-installed"libostree-grub2
not-installed"libotf
not-installed"libotf-devel
not-installed"libotf-devel-32bit
not-installed"libotf0
not-installed"libotf0-32bit
not-installed"libotr-devel
not-installed"libotr-tools
installed"libotr5
not-installed"libout123-0
not-installed"libout123-0-32bit
not-installed"libout123-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libout123-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libowncloudsync-devel
not-installed"libowncloudsync0
not-installed"liboyranos-alpha-devel
not-installed"liboyranos-alpha-devel-doc
not-installed"liboyranos-devel
not-installed"liboyranos0
not-installed"liboyranos0-cups
not-installed"liboyranos0-lraw
not-installed"liboyranos0-monitor
not-installed"liboyranos0-sane
not-installed"libp11-2
not-installed"libp11-2-32bit
not-installed"libp11-devel
installed"libp11-kit0
installed"libp11-kit0-32bit
not-installed"libp8-platform2
not-installed"libp8-platform2-debuginfo
not-installed"libp8-platform2_0
not-installed"libpacemaker-devel
not-installed"libpacemaker3
installed"libpackagekit-glib2-18
not-installed"libpackagekit-glib2-18-32bit
not-installed"libpackagekit-glib2-devel
not-installed"libpackagekit-glib2-devel-32bit
not-installed"libpackagekitqt4-0
installed"libpackagekitqt5-0
installed"libpagemaker-0_0-0
not-installed"libpagemaker-devel
not-installed"libpagemaker-devel-doc
not-installed"libpagemaker-tools
not-installed"libpamtest-devel
not-installed"libpamtest-devel-doc
not-installed"libpamtest0
installed"libpango-1_0-0
installed"libpango-1_0-0-32bit
installed"libpangomm-1_4-1
not-installed"libpangomm-1_4-1-32bit
not-installed"libpangox-1_0-0
not-installed"libpangox-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libpano-devel
not-installed"libpano-utils
installed"libpano13-3
not-installed"libpaper-devel
not-installed"libpaper-utils
not-installed"libpaper1
not-installed"libpapi
not-installed"libpapi-32bit
not-installed"libpari-gmp4
not-installed"libparpack2-openmpi
not-installed"libparpack2-openmpi-32bit
not-installed"libparserutils-devel
not-installed"libparserutils-doc
not-installed"libparserutils0
installed"libparted0
not-installed"libparted0-32bit
not-installed"libpasswdqc0
not-installed"libpasswdqc0-32bit
not-installed"libpath_utils-devel
not-installed"libpath_utils-devel-32bit
not-installed"libpath_utils1
not-installed"libpath_utils1-32bit
not-installed"libpcap-devel
not-installed"libpcap-devel-32bit
not-installed"libpcap-devel-static
installed"libpcap1
installed"libpcap1-32bit
not-installed"libpcd-devel
not-installed"libpcd2
installed"libpci3
not-installed"libpci3-32bit
not-installed"libpciaccess-devel
installed"libpciaccess0
installed"libpciaccess0-32bit
not-installed"libpcp-devel
not-installed"libpcp3
not-installed"libpcp_gui2
not-installed"libpcp_import1
not-installed"libpcp_mmv1
not-installed"libpcp_trace2
not-installed"libpcp_web1
installed"libpcre1
installed"libpcre1-32bit
installed"libpcre16-0
not-installed"libpcre16-0-32bit
not-installed"libpcre2-16-0
not-installed"libpcre2-16-0-32bit
not-installed"libpcre2-32-0
not-installed"libpcre2-32-0-32bit
not-installed"libpcre2-8-0
not-installed"libpcre2-8-0-32bit
not-installed"libpcre2-posix1
not-installed"libpcre2-posix1-32bit
installed"libpcrecpp0
not-installed"libpcrecpp0-32bit
installed"libpcreposix0
not-installed"libpcreposix0-32bit
not-installed"libpcsclite1
not-installed"libpcsclite1-32bit
not-installed"libpcscspy0
not-installed"libpcscspy0-32bit
not-installed"libpeas-1_0-0
not-installed"libpeas-demo
not-installed"libpeas-devel
not-installed"libpeas-gtk-1_0-0
not-installed"libpeas-lang
not-installed"libpeas-loader-python
not-installed"libpeas-loader-python3
not-installed"libpegclient1
not-installed"libpegcommon1
not-installed"libpegexportserver1
not-installed"libpeglistener1
not-installed"libpff-devel
not-installed"libpff-tools
not-installed"libpff1
not-installed"libpfm-devel
not-installed"libpfm-devel-static
not-installed"libpfm4
not-installed"libpfm4-32bit
not-installed"libpgeasy
not-installed"libpgf-devel
not-installed"libpgf6
not-installed"libpgm-5_2-0
installed"libphonon4
not-installed"libphonon4-32bit
installed"libphonon4qt5
not-installed"libphonon4qt5-32bit
not-installed"libphysfs-devel
not-installed"libphysfs1
installed"libpinyin-data
not-installed"libpinyin-devel
not-installed"libpinyin-tools
installed"libpinyin10
not-installed"libpinyin10-32bit
not-installed"libpipeline-devel
installed"libpipeline1
not-installed"libpisock-devel
not-installed"libpisock9
not-installed"libpisync-devel
not-installed"libpisync1
installed"libpixman-1-0
installed"libpixman-1-0-32bit
installed"libpixman-1-0-devel
installed"libpkcs11-helper1
not-installed"libpkcs11-helper1-32bit
not-installed"libplank1
not-installed"libplatform-devel
not-installed"libplatform1_0
not-installed"libplib0
not-installed"libplist
not-installed"libplist++-devel
not-installed"libplist++3
not-installed"libplist++3-32bit
not-installed"libplist-devel
installed"libplist3
not-installed"libplist3-32bit
not-installed"libplot2
installed"libplotter2
installed"libply-boot-client4
installed"libply-splash-core4
installed"libply-splash-graphics4
installed"libply4
not-installed"libpmem-devel
not-installed"libpmem1
not-installed"libpmemblk-devel
not-installed"libpmemblk1
not-installed"libpmemlog-devel
not-installed"libpmemlog1
not-installed"libpmemobj++-devel
not-installed"libpmemobj-devel
not-installed"libpmemobj1
not-installed"libpmempool-devel
not-installed"libpmempool1
not-installed"libpnetcdf1-openmpi
installed"libpng12-0
installed"libpng12-0-32bit
not-installed"libpng12-compat-devel
not-installed"libpng12-compat-devel-32bit
not-installed"libpng12-devel
not-installed"libpng12-devel-32bit
installed"libpng15-15
not-installed"libpng15-15-32bit
installed"libpng16-16
installed"libpng16-16-32bit
installed"libpng16-compat-devel
not-installed"libpng16-compat-devel-32bit
installed"libpng16-devel
not-installed"libpng16-devel-32bit
not-installed"libpng16-tools
not-installed"libpnglite0
not-installed"libpodofo-devel
not-installed"libpodofo0_9_3
not-installed"libpolkit-gtk-mate-1-0
not-installed"libpolkit-gtk-mate-1-0-32bit
installed"libpolkit-qt-1-1
not-installed"libpolkit-qt-1-1-32bit
not-installed"libpolkit-qt-1-devel
installed"libpolkit-qt5-1-1
not-installed"libpolkit-qt5-1-1-32bit
not-installed"libpolkit-qt5-1-devel
not-installed"libpolkit-qt5-1-devel-32bit
installed"libpolkit0
not-installed"libpolkit0-32bit
not-installed"libpoppler-cpp0
not-installed"libpoppler-cpp0-32bit
not-installed"libpoppler-devel
not-installed"libpoppler-glib-devel
installed"libpoppler-glib8
not-installed"libpoppler-glib8-32bit
not-installed"libpoppler-qt4-4
not-installed"libpoppler-qt4-4-32bit
not-installed"libpoppler-qt4-devel
installed"libpoppler-qt5-1
not-installed"libpoppler-qt5-1-32bit
not-installed"libpoppler-qt5-devel
installed"libpoppler60
not-installed"libpoppler60-32bit
installed"libpopt0
installed"libpopt0-32bit
not-installed"libportaudio2
not-installed"libportaudio2-32bit
not-installed"libportmidi0
not-installed"libpostproc-2.8-devel
not-installed"libpostproc-3.2-devel
not-installed"libpostproc-devel
installed"libpostproc53
not-installed"libpostproc53-32bit
not-installed"libpostproc53-debuginfo
not-installed"libpostproc53-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libpostproc54
not-installed"libpostproc54-32bit
not-installed"libpostproc54-debuginfo
not-installed"libpostproc54-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libpotrace0
not-installed"libpowerman0
installed"libpq5
not-installed"libpq5-32bit
installed"libpqos0
installed"libpqos0-devel
installed"libpqxx-4_0
installed"libpqxx-devel
not-installed"libprelude-devel
not-installed"libprelude-devel-bindings
not-installed"libprelude-doc
not-installed"libprelude23
not-installed"libpreludecpp8
not-installed"libpreludedb-devel
not-installed"libpreludedb-devel-bindings
not-installed"libpreludedb-doc
not-installed"libpreludedb-mysql
not-installed"libpreludedb-pgsql
not-installed"libpreludedb-plugins
not-installed"libpreludedb-sqlite
not-installed"libpreludedb7
not-installed"libpreludedbcpp2
not-installed"libpresage-devel
not-installed"libpresage-doc
not-installed"libpresage1
not-installed"libprison-devel
installed"libprison0
not-installed"libprison0-32bit
installed"libprocps3
not-installed"libprofiler0
not-installed"libproj-devel
not-installed"libproj9
not-installed"libprojectM-libvisual
not-installed"libprojectM-qt1
installed"libprojectM2
not-installed"libpromises-devel
not-installed"libpromises3
not-installed"libprotobuf-c-devel
installed"libprotobuf-c1
not-installed"libprotobuf-lite9
not-installed"libprotobuf-lite9-32bit
not-installed"libprotobuf9
not-installed"libprotobuf9-32bit
not-installed"libprotoc9
not-installed"libprotoc9-32bit
not-installed"libproxy-devel
not-installed"libproxy-tools
installed"libproxy1
not-installed"libproxy1-32bit
not-installed"libproxy1-config-gnome3
installed"libproxy1-config-kde
installed"libproxy1-networkmanager
installed"libproxy1-pacrunner-webkit
not-installed"libpsl-devel
not-installed"libpsl5
not-installed"libpsl5-32bit
not-installed"libpsm2-2
not-installed"libpsm2-compat
not-installed"libpsm2-devel
not-installed"libpsm_infinipath1
not-installed"libpsm_infinipath1-32bit
not-installed"libpspell15
not-installed"libpspell15-32bit
not-installed"libpst
not-installed"libpst-devel
not-installed"libpst4
not-installed"libpt-devel
not-installed"libpt1_11
not-installed"libpt1_11-32bit
not-installed"libpt2_10_10
not-installed"libpt2_10_10-plugins-avc
not-installed"libpt2_10_10-plugins-esd
not-installed"libpt2_10_10-plugins-pulse
not-installed"libptexenc1
not-installed"libpth-devel
installed"libpth20
not-installed"libpth20-32bit
not-installed"libpugixml1
installed"libpulse-devel
not-installed"libpulse-devel-32bit
installed"libpulse-mainloop-glib0
not-installed"libpulse-mainloop-glib0-32bit
installed"libpulse0
installed"libpulse0-32bit
installed"libpurple
installed"libpurple-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"libpurple-branding-upstream
not-installed"libpurple-devel
installed"libpurple-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-bot-sentry
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-bot-sentry-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-facebook
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-gnome-keyring
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-libsteam
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-mrim
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-mrim-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-openfetion
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-openfetion-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-pack
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-pack-extras
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-pack-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-prpltwtr
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-prpltwtr-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-sametime
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-sipe
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-sipe-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-skype
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-skype-lang
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-skypeweb
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-telegram
not-installed"libpurple-plugin-telegram-lang
installed"libpurple-tcl
not-installed"libpwquality-devel
installed"libpwquality-lang
not-installed"libpwquality-tools
installed"libpwquality1
not-installed"libpythia8
not-installed"libpythia8lhapdf6
installed"libpython2_7-1_0
installed"libpython2_7-1_0-32bit
installed"libpython3_4m1_0
not-installed"libpython3_4m1_0-32bit
not-installed"libpyzy-1_0-0
not-installed"libqalculate-devel
installed"libqalculate6
not-installed"libqb-devel
not-installed"libqb-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqb0
not-installed"libqb0-32bit
installed"libqca-qt5
not-installed"libqca-qt5-32bit
not-installed"libqca-qt5-devel
not-installed"libqca-qt5-devel-32bit
installed"libqca-qt5-plugins
not-installed"libqca-qt5-plugins-32bit
installed"libqca2
not-installed"libqca2-32bit
not-installed"libqca2-devel
not-installed"libqca2-plugin-cyrus-sasl
not-installed"libqca2-plugin-cyrus-sasl-32bit
not-installed"libqca2-plugin-pkcs11
not-installed"libqca2-plugin-pkcs11-32bit
not-installed"libqcow-devel
not-installed"libqcow-tools
not-installed"libqcow1
not-installed"libqd0
not-installed"libqgpgme-devel
installed"libqgpgme7
not-installed"libqgpgme7-32bit
not-installed"libqhexedit4
not-installed"libqhull6-6_3_1_1494
not-installed"libqimageblitz-devel
installed"libqimageblitz4
not-installed"libqjack
not-installed"libqjack-debugsource
not-installed"libqjack-devel
not-installed"libqjack0
not-installed"libqjack0-debuginfo
not-installed"libqjson-devel
installed"libqjson0
not-installed"libqjson0-32bit
not-installed"libqmi-devel
installed"libqmi-glib1
installed"libqmi-tools
not-installed"libqmmp-devel
not-installed"libqmmp-plugin-mplayer
not-installed"libqmmp-plugin-mplayer-debuginfo
not-installed"libqmmp-plugins
not-installed"libqmmp-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"libqmmp1
not-installed"libqmmp1-32bit
not-installed"libqmmp1-debuginfo
not-installed"libqoauth1
not-installed"libqoauth2
not-installed"libqore5
installed"libqpdf13
installed"libqpdf18
not-installed"libqpid-proton-cpp10
not-installed"libqpid-proton10
not-installed"libqqwing2
installed"libqrencode3
not-installed"libqrencode3-32bit
not-installed"libqross0_1
not-installed"libqrosspython
not-installed"libqrupdate1
not-installed"libqscintilla-devel
not-installed"libqscintilla-qt5-devel
not-installed"libqscintilla2-12
not-installed"libqscintilla2-qt5-13
installed"libqt4
not-installed"libqt4-32bit
not-installed"libqt4-devel
not-installed"libqt4-devel-doc
not-installed"libqt4-devel-doc-data
not-installed"libqt4-linguist
not-installed"libqt4-private-headers-devel
installed"libqt4-qt3support
not-installed"libqt4-qt3support-32bit
installed"libqt4-sql
not-installed"libqt4-sql-32bit
not-installed"libqt4-sql-mysql
not-installed"libqt4-sql-postgresql
installed"libqt4-sql-sqlite
not-installed"libqt4-sql-sqlite-32bit
not-installed"libqt4-sql-unixODBC
installed"libqt4-x11
not-installed"libqt4-x11-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-creator
not-installed"libqt5-creator-plugin-devel
installed"libqt5-linguist
not-installed"libqt5-linguist-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qt3d-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qt3d-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qt3d-imports
not-installed"libqt5-qt3d-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qt3d-tools
not-installed"libqt5-qtbase-common-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtbase-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtbase-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtbase-examples-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtbase-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtconnectivity-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtconnectivity-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtconnectivity-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtconnectivity-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtconnectivity-tools
not-installed"libqt5-qtdeclarative-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtdeclarative-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtdeclarative-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtdeclarative-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtdeclarative-tools
not-installed"libqt5-qtdoc
installed"libqt5-qtgraphicaleffects
installed"libqt5-qtimageformats
not-installed"libqt5-qtimageformats-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtimageformats-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtlocation-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtlocation-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtlocation-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtlocation-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtmultimedia-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtmultimedia-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtmultimedia-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtmultimedia-private-headers-devel
installed"libqt5-qtquickcontrols
not-installed"libqt5-qtquickcontrols-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtscript-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtscript-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtscript-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtscript-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtsensors-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtsensors-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtsensors-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtsensors-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtserialport-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtserialport-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtserialport-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtserialport-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtsvg-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtsvg-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtsvg-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtsvg-private-headers-devel
installed"libqt5-qttools
not-installed"libqt5-qttools-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qttools-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qttools-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qttools-doc
not-installed"libqt5-qttools-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qttools-private-headers-devel
installed"libqt5-qttranslations
not-installed"libqt5-qtwayland
not-installed"libqt5-qtwayland-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtwayland-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtwayland-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtwayland-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtwayland-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebchannel-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebchannel-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebchannel-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebchannel-private-headers-devel
installed"libqt5-qtwebengine
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebengine
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebengine-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebengine-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebengine-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebengine-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebengine-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebkit-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebsockets-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebsockets-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebsockets-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtwebsockets-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtx11extras-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtx11extras-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel
not-installed"libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel-32bit
not-installed"libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples
not-installed"libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-private-headers-devel
not-installed"libqt5keychain1
not-installed"libqt5keychain1-32bit
not-installed"libqt5keychain1-lang
not-installed"libqt5xdg-devel
not-installed"libqtcurve-cairo1
not-installed"libqtcurve-utils2
not-installed"libqtermwidget4-0
not-installed"libqtermwidget5-0
not-installed"libqtkeychain0
not-installed"libqtpod-devel
not-installed"libqtpod-doc
not-installed"libqtpod0
not-installed"libqtweetlib-devel
not-installed"libqtweetlib1_0
installed"libquadmath0
not-installed"libquadmath0-32bit
not-installed"libquadmath0-gcc48
not-installed"libquadmath0-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libquadmath0-gcc5
not-installed"libquadmath0-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libquadmath0-gcc6
not-installed"libquadmath0-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libquagga_pb0
not-installed"libquazip-qt5-devel
not-installed"libquazip-qt5-doc
not-installed"libquazip1
not-installed"libquazip5-1
not-installed"libqucs0
not-installed"libquicktime
not-installed"libquicktime
not-installed"libquicktime-debuginfo
not-installed"libquicktime-debugsource
not-installed"libquicktime-devel
not-installed"libquicktime-lang
not-installed"libquicktime-orig-addon
not-installed"libquicktime-orig-addon-debuginfo
not-installed"libquicktime-tools
not-installed"libquicktime-tools-debuginfo
installed"libquicktime0
not-installed"libquicktime0-32bit
not-installed"libquicktime0-debuginfo
not-installed"libquo-devel
not-installed"libquo3
installed"libquvi-0_9-0_9_4
not-installed"libquvi-devel
installed"libquvi-scripts
not-installed"libquvi-scripts-devel
not-installed"libquvi-scripts-nsfw
not-installed"libqwt5
not-installed"libqwt6
not-installed"libqxmledit0
not-installed"libqxmledit0-32bit
not-installed"libqxmpp-devel
not-installed"libqxmpp-doc
not-installed"libqxmpp-qt5-0
not-installed"libqxmpp-qt5-devel
not-installed"libqxmpp-qt5-doc
not-installed"libqxmpp0
not-installed"libqxmpp0-32bit
not-installed"libqxt-devel
not-installed"libqxt1
not-installed"libqyoto2
not-installed"librados-devel
not-installed"librados2
not-installed"libradosstriper-devel
not-installed"libradosstriper1
not-installed"librapi2
not-installed"librapi2
not-installed"librapi2-debuginfo
not-installed"librapi2-debugsource
not-installed"librapi2-devel
not-installed"libraptor-devel
installed"libraptor2-0
not-installed"libraptor2-0-32bit
not-installed"librasqal-devel
not-installed"librasqal-devel-doc
installed"librasqal3
not-installed"librasqal3-32bit
not-installed"libratbag-devel
not-installed"libratbag-tools
not-installed"libratbag3
not-installed"libraw
not-installed"libraw-devel
not-installed"libraw-devel-static
not-installed"libraw-tools
not-installed"libraw1394
installed"libraw1394-11
not-installed"libraw1394-11-32bit
not-installed"libraw1394-devel
not-installed"libraw1394-devel-32bit
installed"libraw15
not-installed"librawstudio-2_1
not-installed"librawstudio-devel
not-installed"librbd-devel
not-installed"librbd1
not-installed"librbio-2_2_1
not-installed"librcc-devel
not-installed"librcc0
not-installed"librcc0-32bit
not-installed"librcd-devel
not-installed"librcd0
not-installed"librcd0-32bit
not-installed"librcps-devel
not-installed"librcps0
installed"librdf0
not-installed"librdf0-32bit
not-installed"librdmacm-utils
not-installed"librdmacm1
not-installed"librdmacm1-32bit
installed"libre2-0
not-installed"libre2-0-32bit
not-installed"libreadline-java
not-installed"libreadline-java-32bit
not-installed"libreadline-java-javadoc
not-installed"libreadline5
not-installed"libreadline5-32bit
installed"libreadline6
not-installed"libreadline6-32bit
not-installed"librecad
not-installed"librecad-parts
not-installed"libredland-devel
not-installed"libref_array-devel
not-installed"libref_array-devel-32bit
not-installed"libref_array1
not-installed"libref_array1-32bit
not-installed"libregf-devel
not-installed"libregf-tools
not-installed"libregf1
not-installed"libregina3
not-installed"libreiser4-1_1-0
not-installed"libreiser4-minimal-1_1-0
not-installed"libreiserfs-0_3-0
not-installed"libreiserfs-0_3-0-32bit
not-installed"libreiserfs-devel
not-installed"libreiserfs-devel-32bit
not-installed"libreiserfs-progs
not-installed"libreiserfscore-devel
installed"libreiserfscore0
not-installed"librelp-devel
not-installed"librelp0
installed"libreoffice
not-installed"libreoffice
installed"libreoffice-base
installed"libreoffice-base-drivers-mysql
not-installed"libreoffice-base-drivers-postgresql
installed"libreoffice-branding-upstream
installed"libreoffice-calc
installed"libreoffice-calc-extensions
installed"libreoffice-draw
installed"libreoffice-filters-optional
not-installed"libreoffice-gdb-pretty-printers
not-installed"libreoffice-glade
not-installed"libreoffice-gnome
not-installed"libreoffice-gtk3
installed"libreoffice-icon-theme-breeze
installed"libreoffice-icon-theme-galaxy
installed"libreoffice-icon-theme-hicontrast
not-installed"libreoffice-icon-theme-oxygen
installed"libreoffice-icon-theme-sifr
not-installed"libreoffice-icon-theme-tango
installed"libreoffice-impress
installed"libreoffice-kde4
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-af
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ar
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-as
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-bg
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-bn
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-br
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ca
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-cs
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-cy
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-da
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-de
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-dz
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-el
installed"libreoffice-l10n-en
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-eo
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-es
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-et
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-eu
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-fa
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-fi
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-fr
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ga
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-gl
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-gu
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-he
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-hi
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-hr
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-hu
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-it
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ja
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-kk
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-kn
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ko
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-lt
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-lv
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-mai
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ml
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-mr
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-nb
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-nl
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-nn
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-nr
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-nso
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-or
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-pa
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-pl
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-pt_BR
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-pt_PT
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ro
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ru
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-si
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-sk
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-sl
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-sr
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ss
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-st
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-sv
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ta
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-te
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-th
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-tn
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-tr
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ts
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-uk
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-ve
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-xh
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-zh_CN
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-zh_TW
not-installed"libreoffice-l10n-zu
installed"libreoffice-mailmerge
installed"libreoffice-math
not-installed"libreoffice-officebean
installed"libreoffice-pyuno
not-installed"libreoffice-sdk
not-installed"libreoffice-sdk-doc
installed"libreoffice-share-linker
not-installed"libreoffice-templates-de
installed"libreoffice-templates-en
installed"libreoffice-templates-labels-a4
installed"libreoffice-templates-labels-letter
installed"libreoffice-templates-presentation-layouts
not-installed"libreoffice-templates-ru
not-installed"libreoffice-voikko
installed"libreoffice-writer
installed"libreoffice-writer-extensions
not-installed"libreofficekit
not-installed"libreofficekit-devel
not-installed"librep
not-installed"librep-devel
not-installed"librep16
not-installed"librepair-1_1-0
installed"librepository
not-installed"librepository-javadoc
not-installed"libressl
not-installed"libressl
not-installed"libressl-devel
not-installed"libressl-devel-32bit
not-installed"libressl-devel-doc
not-installed"librest-devel
installed"librest0
not-installed"librest0-32bit
not-installed"libretro-bsnes
not-installed"libretro-gambatte
not-installed"libretro-pcsx_rearmed
installed"librevenge-0_0-0
not-installed"librevenge-devel
not-installed"librevenge-doc
not-installed"librevenge-generators-0_0-0
installed"librevenge-stream-0_0-0
not-installed"librgw-devel
not-installed"librgw2
not-installed"librime-devel
not-installed"librime1
not-installed"librk0
not-installed"librlog-devel
not-installed"librlog5
not-installed"librlog5-doc
not-installed"libroar2
not-installed"libroar2-debuginfo
not-installed"librocsgraphtheory0
not-installed"librpcsecgss-devel
not-installed"librpcsecgss3
not-installed"librsound-devel
not-installed"librsound-devel-static
not-installed"librsound3
not-installed"librsound3-debuginfo
not-installed"librsvg
installed"librsvg-2-2
not-installed"librsvg-2-2-32bit
not-installed"librsvg-devel
not-installed"librsync-devel
not-installed"librsync2
not-installed"librtaudio5
not-installed"librtaudio5-debuginfo
not-installed"librtlsdr0
not-installed"librtmidi3
not-installed"librtmidi3-debuginfo
installed"librtmp-devel
installed"librtmp1
not-installed"librtmp1-32bit
not-installed"librtmp1-debuginfo
not-installed"librtmp1-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"librubberband-devel
installed"librubberband2
not-installed"librubberband2-32bit
installed"libruby2_1-2_1
not-installed"libruby2_2-2_2
not-installed"libruby2_3-2_3
not-installed"libruby2_4-2_4
not-installed"librvngabw-0_0-0
not-installed"librvngabw-devel
not-installed"librvngabw-devel-doc
not-installed"librygel-core-2_6-2
not-installed"librygel-renderer-2_6-2
not-installed"librygel-renderer-gst-2_6-2
not-installed"librygel-ruih-2_0-1
not-installed"librygel-server-2_6-2
not-installed"libs3
not-installed"libs3-3
not-installed"libs3-4
not-installed"libs3-devel
not-installed"libs3-tools
not-installed"libsamba-credentials-devel
installed"libsamba-credentials0
installed"libsamba-credentials0-32bit
not-installed"libsamba-errors-devel
installed"libsamba-errors0
installed"libsamba-errors0-32bit
not-installed"libsamba-hostconfig-devel
installed"libsamba-hostconfig0
installed"libsamba-hostconfig0-32bit
not-installed"libsamba-passdb-devel
installed"libsamba-passdb0
installed"libsamba-passdb0-32bit
not-installed"libsamba-policy-devel
not-installed"libsamba-policy0
not-installed"libsamba-policy0-32bit
not-installed"libsamba-util-devel
installed"libsamba-util0
installed"libsamba-util0-32bit
not-installed"libsamdb-devel
installed"libsamdb0
installed"libsamdb0-32bit
not-installed"libsaml-devel
not-installed"libsaml8
not-installed"libsamplerate-devel
not-installed"libsamplerate-progs
installed"libsamplerate0
not-installed"libsamplerate0-32bit
not-installed"libsanlock1
not-installed"libsapi0
not-installed"libsapi0-32bit
installed"libsasl2-3
installed"libsasl2-3-32bit
not-installed"libsass
not-installed"libsass-3_3_2-0
not-installed"libsass-devel
installed"libsbc1
not-installed"libsbc1-32bit
not-installed"libsblim-cmpiutil1
not-installed"libscalapack2-openmpi
not-installed"libscalapack2-openmpi-32bit
not-installed"libscalapack2-openmpi-devel
not-installed"libscalapack2-openmpi-devel-32bit
not-installed"libscalapack2-openmpi-devel-static
not-installed"libscca-devel
not-installed"libscca-tools
not-installed"libscca1
not-installed"libscg-devel
installed"libscg1_0
not-installed"libschily-devel
not-installed"libschily-devel-doc
installed"libschily1_0
installed"libschroedinger-1_0-0
not-installed"libschroedinger-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libscilab5
not-installed"libscintilla-devel
not-installed"libscintilla3
not-installed"libscratchcore0
not-installed"libseccomp-devel
not-installed"libseccomp-tools
installed"libseccomp2
installed"libseccomp2-32bit
not-installed"libsecprog-devel
not-installed"libsecprog0
not-installed"libsecret
installed"libsecret-1-0
not-installed"libsecret-1-0-32bit
not-installed"libsecret-devel
installed"libsecret-lang
not-installed"libsecret-tools
not-installed"libselinux-devel
not-installed"libselinux-devel-static
installed"libselinux1
installed"libselinux1-32bit
not-installed"libsemanage-devel
not-installed"libsemanage-devel-static
installed"libsemanage1
installed"libsemanage1-32bit
installed"libsensors4
installed"libsensors4-32bit
not-installed"libsensors4-devel
not-installed"libsepol-devel
not-installed"libsepol-devel-static
installed"libsepol1
installed"libsepol1-32bit
installed"libserd-0-0
not-installed"libserd-0-0-32bit
not-installed"libserd-0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libserd-0-devel
installed"libserf-1-1
not-installed"libserf-devel
installed"libserializer
not-installed"libserializer-javadoc
not-installed"libserialport-devel
not-installed"libserialport0
not-installed"libsexy
not-installed"libsexy-devel
not-installed"libsexy-doc
not-installed"libsfcUtil0
not-installed"libsfml2-2_4
not-installed"libsfml2-2_4-32bit
not-installed"libsgutils-devel
installed"libsgutils2-2
not-installed"libsha1detectcoll-devel
not-installed"libsha1detectcoll1
not-installed"libshairplay0
not-installed"libshairplay0-debuginfo
not-installed"libshiboken-1_2_cpython-34m1_2
not-installed"libshiboken-devel
not-installed"libshiboken-python2_7-1_2
not-installed"libshiboken-python3-devel
not-installed"libshibsp-lite6
not-installed"libshibsp6
not-installed"libshine
not-installed"libshine-debugsource
not-installed"libshine-devel
installed"libshine3
not-installed"libshine3-debuginfo
not-installed"libshout-devel
not-installed"libshout-idjc
not-installed"libshout-idjc-debugsource
not-installed"libshout-idjc-devel
not-installed"libshout-idjc3
not-installed"libshout-idjc3-debuginfo
installed"libshout3
not-installed"libshout3-32bit
not-installed"libshp-devel
not-installed"libshp1
installed"libsidplay1
not-installed"libsidplay1-32bit
not-installed"libsidplay1-devel
not-installed"libsidplayfp-devel
not-installed"libsidplayfp3
not-installed"libsigc++12
not-installed"libsigc++12-devel
not-installed"libsigc++2-devel
installed"libsigc-2_0-0
not-installed"libsigc-2_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libsignon-glib-devel
not-installed"libsignon-glib1
installed"libsignon-qt5-1
not-installed"libsignon-qt5-devel
not-installed"libsignon-qt5-docs
not-installed"libsigrok-data
not-installed"libsigrok-devel
not-installed"libsigrok2
not-installed"libsigrokdecode-devel
not-installed"libsigrokdecode2
not-installed"libsigscan-devel
not-installed"libsigscan-tools
not-installed"libsigscan1
not-installed"libsigsegv-devel
not-installed"libsigsegv-doc
not-installed"libsigsegv2
installed"libsilc-1_1-4
installed"libsilcclient-1_1-4
not-installed"libskk-devel
not-installed"libskk0
not-installed"libskk0-32bit
installed"libslang2
not-installed"libslang2-32bit
not-installed"libslurm29
not-installed"libsmartcols-devel
not-installed"libsmartcols-devel-static
installed"libsmartcols1
not-installed"libsmbclient-devel
installed"libsmbclient0
not-installed"libsmbclient0-32bit
not-installed"libsmbconf-devel
installed"libsmbconf0
installed"libsmbconf0-32bit
not-installed"libsmbios-devel
not-installed"libsmbios2
not-installed"libsmbldap-devel
installed"libsmbldap0
installed"libsmbldap0-32bit
not-installed"libsmdev-devel
not-installed"libsmdev-tools
not-installed"libsmdev1
installed"libsmi
not-installed"libsmi-devel
installed"libsmi2
not-installed"libsmokegen-devel
not-installed"libsmokekde-devel
not-installed"libsmokekde3
not-installed"libsmokeqt
not-installed"libsmokeqt-devel
not-installed"libsmpp34-0
not-installed"libsmpp34-0-devel
not-installed"libsmputils-devel
installed"libsmputils1-1
not-installed"libsmraw-devel
not-installed"libsmraw-tools
not-installed"libsmraw1
not-installed"libsnapper-devel
installed"libsnapper4
installed"libsnappy1
not-installed"libsnappy1-32bit
not-installed"libsndfile
not-installed"libsndfile-devel
not-installed"libsndfile-progs
not-installed"libsndfile-progs
installed"libsndfile1
installed"libsndfile1-32bit
not-installed"libsndio6_0
installed"libsnmp30
installed"libsnmp30-32bit
not-installed"libsoc-common
not-installed"libsoc-devel
not-installed"libsoc2
not-installed"libsocialweb
not-installed"libsocialweb-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"libsocialweb-branding-upstream
not-installed"libsocialweb-client2
not-installed"libsocialweb-devel
not-installed"libsocialweb-lang
not-installed"libsocialweb0
not-installed"libsocketcan-devel
not-installed"libsocketcan2
installed"libsocks0
not-installed"libsocks0-32bit
not-installed"libsodium-devel
not-installed"libsodium18
installed"libsofia-sip-ua-glib3
installed"libsofia-sip-ua0
installed"libsoftokn3
installed"libsoftokn3-32bit
not-installed"libsolarus1
not-installed"libsolv
not-installed"libsolv-demo
not-installed"libsolv-devel
installed"libsolv-tools
not-installed"libsoprano-devel
not-installed"libsoprano4
not-installed"libsoprano4-32bit
installed"libsord-0-0
not-installed"libsord-0-0-32bit
not-installed"libsord-0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libsord-0-devel
not-installed"libsoup
installed"libsoup-2_4-1
not-installed"libsoup-2_4-1-32bit
not-installed"libsoup-devel
not-installed"libsoup-devel-32bit
installed"libsoup-lang
not-installed"libsource-highlight-devel
not-installed"libsource-highlight4
not-installed"libsource-highlight4-32bit
not-installed"libsox1
not-installed"libsox1
not-installed"libsox1-debuginfo
not-installed"libsox1-debugsource
installed"libsox3
not-installed"libsox3-debuginfo
not-installed"libsoxr-lsr0
not-installed"libsoxr-lsr0-32bit
installed"libsoxr0
not-installed"libsoxr0-32bit
installed"libspandsp2
not-installed"libspandsp2-32bit
not-installed"libspatialindex4
not-installed"libspatialite-devel
not-installed"libspatialite7
not-installed"libspdylay7
not-installed"libspectre-devel
installed"libspectre1
not-installed"libspeechd-devel
not-installed"libspeechd2
installed"libspeex1
installed"libspeex1-32bit
installed"libspeexdsp1
not-installed"libspeexdsp1-32bit
not-installed"libspf2-2
not-installed"libspf2-devel
not-installed"libspf2-tools
not-installed"libspice-client-glib-2_0-8
not-installed"libspice-client-glib-helper
not-installed"libspice-client-gtk-3_0-5
not-installed"libspice-controller0
not-installed"libspice-server-devel
not-installed"libspice-server1
not-installed"libspiro-devel
not-installed"libspiro0
not-installed"libspnav-devel
not-installed"libspnav0
not-installed"libspqr-2_0_1
not-installed"libsqlcipher-3_11_0-0
installed"libsqlite3-0
installed"libsqlite3-0-32bit
installed"libsratom-0-0
not-installed"libsratom-0-0-32bit
not-installed"libsratom-0-0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libsratom-0-devel
not-installed"libsrecord0
not-installed"libsrtp-devel
installed"libsrtp1
not-installed"libsrtp1-32bit
not-installed"libsrtp2-1
not-installed"libsrtp2-1-32bit
not-installed"libsrtp2-devel
not-installed"libssh-devel
not-installed"libssh-devel-doc
installed"libssh2-1
installed"libssh2-1-32bit
not-installed"libssh2-devel
installed"libssh4
not-installed"libssh4-32bit
not-installed"libssl43
not-installed"libssl43-32bit
not-installed"libssr-glinject
not-installed"libssr-glinject-32bit
not-installed"libssr-glinject-debuginfo
not-installed"libsss_idmap-devel
not-installed"libsss_idmap0
not-installed"libsss_nss_idmap-devel
not-installed"libsss_nss_idmap0
not-installed"libsss_sudo
installed"libstaroffice-0_0-0
not-installed"libstaroffice-devel
not-installed"libstaroffice-devel-doc
not-installed"libstaroffice-tools
installed"libstartup-notification-1-0
not-installed"libstartup-notification-1-0-32bit
not-installed"libstatgrab-devel
not-installed"libstatgrab-devel-32bit
not-installed"libstatgrab6
not-installed"libstatgrab6-32bit
installed"libstdc++-devel
not-installed"libstdc++-devel-32bit
installed"libstdc++48-devel
not-installed"libstdc++48-devel-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++48-doc
installed"libstdc++6
installed"libstdc++6-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++6-devel-gcc5
not-installed"libstdc++6-devel-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++6-devel-gcc6
not-installed"libstdc++6-devel-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++6-devel-gcc7
not-installed"libstdc++6-devel-gcc7-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc48
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc48-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc48-locale
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc5
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc5-locale
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc6
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libstdc++6-gcc6-locale
not-installed"libstdc++6-locale
not-installed"libstfl-devel
not-installed"libstfl0
not-installed"libstilview-devel
not-installed"libstilview0
not-installed"libstk-devel
not-installed"libstk4
not-installed"libstk4-debuginfo
not-installed"libstoken1
not-installed"libstorage-devel
not-installed"libstorage-python
installed"libstorage-ruby
not-installed"libstorage-testsuite
installed"libstorage7
not-installed"libstoragemgmt
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-devel
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-netapp-plugin
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-nstor-plugin
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-targetd-plugin
not-installed"libstoragemgmt-udev
not-installed"libstoragemgmt1
not-installed"libstp2_1
not-installed"libstroke
not-installed"libstroke-devel
not-installed"libstrophe-devel
not-installed"libstrophe0
installed"libsuil-0-0
not-installed"libsuil-0-0-debuginfo
installed"libsuitesparseconfig-4_4_5
not-installed"libsunpinyin3
not-installed"libsuperlu5
not-installed"libsuperlu5-32bit
not-installed"libsvn_auth_gnome_keyring-1-0
installed"libsvn_auth_kwallet-1-0
not-installed"libsvrcore0
not-installed"libsvrcore0-32bit
not-installed"libsword-1_7_4
not-installed"libswresample-2.8-devel
not-installed"libswresample-3.2-devel
not-installed"libswresample-devel
installed"libswresample1
not-installed"libswresample1-32bit
not-installed"libswresample1-debuginfo
not-installed"libswresample1-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libswresample2
not-installed"libswresample2-32bit
not-installed"libswresample2-debuginfo
not-installed"libswresample2-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libswscale-2.8-devel
not-installed"libswscale-3.2-devel
not-installed"libswscale-devel
installed"libswscale3
not-installed"libswscale3-32bit
not-installed"libswscale3-debuginfo
not-installed"libswscale3-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libswscale4
not-installed"libswscale4-32bit
not-installed"libswscale4-debuginfo
not-installed"libswscale4-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libsynce-devel
not-installed"libsynce0
not-installed"libsynctex1
not-installed"libsynfig0
not-installed"libsynfig0-debuginfo
not-installed"libsynfigapp0
not-installed"libsynfigapp0-debuginfo
not-installed"libsysstat-qt5-0
not-installed"libsysstat-qt5-devel
installed"libsystemd0
installed"libsystemd0-32bit
not-installed"libsystemd0-mini
not-installed"libt3config-devel
not-installed"libt3config0
not-installed"libt3highlight-devel
not-installed"libt3highlight-utils
not-installed"libt3highlight1
not-installed"libt3key-devel
not-installed"libt3key-utils
not-installed"libt3key1
not-installed"libt3widget-devel
not-installed"libt3widget1
not-installed"libt3window-devel
not-installed"libt3window0
not-installed"libtachyon-0_99b6
not-installed"libtachyon-devel
not-installed"libtag-devel
installed"libtag-extras1
installed"libtag1
not-installed"libtag1-32bit
installed"libtag_c0
not-installed"libtag_c0-32bit
not-installed"libtaginfo-devel
not-installed"libtaginfo1
not-installed"libtaginfo1-32bit
not-installed"libtalloc-devel
installed"libtalloc2
installed"libtalloc2-32bit
not-installed"libtar
not-installed"libtar-devel
not-installed"libtar1
installed"libtasn1
not-installed"libtasn1
installed"libtasn1-6
installed"libtasn1-6-32bit
installed"libtasn1-devel
not-installed"libtasn1-devel-32bit
not-installed"libtbb2
not-installed"libtbbmalloc2
not-installed"libtcmalloc4
not-installed"libtcmu-devel
not-installed"libtcmu1
not-installed"libtcnative-1-0
not-installed"libtcnative-1-0-devel
not-installed"libtcti-device0
not-installed"libtcti-socket0
not-installed"libtdb-devel
installed"libtdb1
installed"libtdb1-32bit
not-installed"libtdsodbc0
not-installed"libteam-devel
not-installed"libteam-tools
not-installed"libteam5
installed"libteamdctl0
not-installed"libtecla_r1
not-installed"libtelepathy-farstream3
not-installed"libtelepathy-farstream3-32bit
installed"libtelepathy-glib0
not-installed"libtelepathy-glib0-32bit
not-installed"libtelepathy-logger-qt5
not-installed"libtelepathy-logger3
not-installed"libtelepathy-qt4-2
not-installed"libtelepathy-qt4-farstream2
installed"libtelepathy-qt5-0
not-installed"libtelepathy-qt5-0-32bit
not-installed"libtelepathy-qt5-farstream0
not-installed"libtelepathy-qt5-farstream0-32bit
not-installed"libtermkey-devel
not-installed"libtermkey1
not-installed"libtesseract3
not-installed"libtevent-devel
not-installed"libtevent-util-devel
installed"libtevent-util0
installed"libtevent-util0-32bit
installed"libtevent0
installed"libtevent0-32bit
not-installed"libtexlua52-5
not-installed"libtexluajit2
installed"libthai-data
not-installed"libthai-devel
installed"libthai0
installed"libthai0-32bit
not-installed"libtheora-devel
installed"libtheora0
installed"libtheora0-32bit
installed"libtheoradec1
not-installed"libtheoradec1-32bit
installed"libtheoraenc1
not-installed"libtheoraenc1-32bit
not-installed"libthrift-0_9_2
not-installed"libthrift-devel
not-installed"libthunarx-2-0
not-installed"libtidy-0_99-0
not-installed"libtidy-0_99-0-devel
installed"libtidyp-1_04-0
not-installed"libtidyp-devel
not-installed"libtiff-devel
not-installed"libtiff-devel-32bit
installed"libtiff5
installed"libtiff5-32bit
not-installed"libtiled1
not-installed"libtimidity-0_1-0
not-installed"libtimidity-0_1-0-32bit
not-installed"libtimidity-devel
not-installed"libtinyb0
not-installed"libtinygettext0
not-installed"libtinyxml0
not-installed"libtinyxml2-3
not-installed"libtinyxml2-3-debuginfo
not-installed"libtirpc-devel
installed"libtirpc-netconfig
installed"libtirpc3
not-installed"libtirpc3-32bit
not-installed"libtls15
not-installed"libtls15-32bit
not-installed"libtntdb-devel
not-installed"libtntdb4
not-installed"libtntnet-devel
not-installed"libtntnet12
not-installed"libtntnet12-debuginfo
not-installed"libtokyocabinet-devel
not-installed"libtokyocabinet9
installed"libtolua++-5_1-1
not-installed"libtolua++-5_1-devel
not-installed"libtolua-devel
not-installed"libtolua5
not-installed"libtolua5-debuginfo
not-installed"libtomahawk-devel
not-installed"libtomahawk-playdarapi0_8_4
not-installed"libtomahawk-plugins
not-installed"libtomahawk-plugins-telepathy
not-installed"libtomahawk-plugins-telepathy-kde
not-installed"libtomahawk-widgets0_8_4
not-installed"libtomahawk0_8_4
not-installed"libtomcrypt-devel
not-installed"libtomcrypt-examples
not-installed"libtomcrypt0
not-installed"libtommath-devel
not-installed"libtommath-examples
not-installed"libtommath1
not-installed"libtommath1-32bit
not-installed"libtomoe-gtk0
installed"libtool
not-installed"libtool
not-installed"libtool-32bit
not-installed"libtool-testsuite
not-installed"libtorrent-devel
not-installed"libtorrent-rasterbar-devel
not-installed"libtorrent-rasterbar-doc
not-installed"libtorrent-rasterbar9
not-installed"libtorrent18
not-installed"libtotem-plparser-mini18
installed"libtotem-plparser18
not-installed"libtowitoko2
not-installed"libtpl-extensions3
not-installed"libtpm_unseal1
not-installed"libtpms-devel
not-installed"libtpms0
installed"libtracker-common-1_0
installed"libtracker-control-1_0-0
installed"libtracker-miner-1_0-0
installed"libtracker-sparql-1_0-0
not-installed"libtranscript-devel
not-installed"libtranscript1
not-installed"libtranslate-devel
not-installed"libtranslate-progs
not-installed"libtranslate0
not-installed"libtre5
installed"libts-1_0-0
not-installed"libts-1_0-0-32bit
installed"libtsan0
not-installed"libtsan0-gcc48
not-installed"libtsan0-gcc5
not-installed"libtsan0-gcc6
not-installed"libtsk10
not-installed"libtsm-devel
not-installed"libtsm3
not-installed"libtspi1
not-installed"libtspi1-32bit
not-installed"libttf2
not-installed"libttf2-32bit
not-installed"libtumbler-1-0
not-installed"libtunepimp
not-installed"libtunepimp-devel
not-installed"libtunepimp5
not-installed"libtunepimp5-32bit
installed"libturbojpeg0
not-installed"libturbojpeg0-32bit
not-installed"libturpial
not-installed"libtwolame-devel
installed"libtwolame0
not-installed"libtwolame0-32bit
not-installed"libtwolame0-debuginfo
not-installed"libtwolame0-debuginfo-32bit
installed"libtxc_dxtn
not-installed"libtxc_dxtn
not-installed"libtxc_dxtn-32bit
not-installed"libtxc_dxtn-debuginfo
not-installed"libtxc_dxtn-debugsource
not-installed"libtxc_dxtn-devel
not-installed"libu2f-host-devel
not-installed"libu2f-host-doc
not-installed"libu2f-host0
not-installed"libu2f-server-devel
not-installed"libu2f-server-doc
not-installed"libu2f-server0
not-installed"libubsan0
not-installed"libubsan0-32bit
not-installed"libubsan0-gcc5
not-installed"libubsan0-gcc5-32bit
not-installed"libubsan0-gcc6
not-installed"libubsan0-gcc6-32bit
not-installed"libuchardet-devel
installed"libuchardet0
not-installed"libuchardet0-32bit
not-installed"libuchardet0-debuginfo
not-installed"libucil-devel
not-installed"libucil-doc
not-installed"libucil2
not-installed"libucl1
not-installed"libucl1-devel
not-installed"libucm-devel
not-installed"libucm0
not-installed"libucommon7
not-installed"libucp-devel
not-installed"libucp0
not-installed"libucpp13
not-installed"libucs-devel
not-installed"libucs0
not-installed"libuct-devel
not-installed"libuct0
not-installed"libudev-devel
not-installed"libudev-mini-devel
not-installed"libudev-mini1
installed"libudev1
installed"libudev1-32bit
not-installed"libudf0
not-installed"libudf0-32bit
installed"libudisks2-0
not-installed"libudt0
not-installed"libudt0-debuginfo
not-installed"libuhd003
not-installed"libuhttpmock-0_0-0
not-installed"libulockmgr1
installed"libumfpack-5_7_1
not-installed"libuna-devel
not-installed"libuna-tools
not-installed"libuna1
not-installed"libunbound-devel-mini
not-installed"libunbound2
not-installed"libunibilium0
not-installed"libunibreak-devel
not-installed"libunibreak3
not-installed"libunicap-devel
not-installed"libunicap2
not-installed"libunicap2-32bit
not-installed"libuninameslist-devel
not-installed"libuninameslist0
not-installed"libunique-1_0-0
not-installed"libunique-3_0-0
not-installed"libunique-devel
not-installed"libunique1-devel
not-installed"libuniraum0
not-installed"libuniraum0-debuginfo
not-installed"libunistring
not-installed"libunistring-devel
not-installed"libunistring-devel-32bit
installed"libunistring0
not-installed"libunistring0-32bit
not-installed"libunity-gtk-parser-devel
not-installed"libunity-gtk2-parser0
not-installed"libunity-gtk2-parser0-32bit
not-installed"libunity-gtk3-parser0
not-installed"libunity-gtk3-parser0-32bit
not-installed"libunrar-devel
not-installed"libunrar5_5_5
not-installed"libunshield-devel
not-installed"libunshield1_3
not-installed"libunwind
installed"libunwind
not-installed"libunwind-32bit
not-installed"libunwind-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libunwind-devel
not-installed"libunwind-devel-32bit
not-installed"libupnp-devel
installed"libupnp6
not-installed"libupnp6-32bit
not-installed"libupower-glib-devel
installed"libupower-glib3
not-installed"libupsclient1
not-installed"liburcu-devel
not-installed"liburcu0
not-installed"liburfkill-glib-devel
not-installed"liburfkill-glib0
not-installed"liburiparser-devel
not-installed"liburiparser1
not-installed"liburiparser1-32bit
installed"libusb-0_1-4
not-installed"libusb-0_1-4-32bit
installed"libusb-1_0-0
installed"libusb-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libusb-1_0-devel
not-installed"libusb-1_0-devel-32bit
not-installed"libusb-compat-devel
not-installed"libusbg-devel
not-installed"libusbg-tools
not-installed"libusbg0
not-installed"libusbgx-devel
not-installed"libusbgx-tools
not-installed"libusbgx1
not-installed"libusbmuxd-devel
installed"libusbmuxd4
not-installed"libusbmuxd4-32bit
not-installed"libusbprog0
not-installed"libusbredirhost1
not-installed"libusbredirparser1
not-installed"libuser
not-installed"libuser-devel
not-installed"libuser-lang
not-installed"libuser-python
not-installed"libuser1
installed"libustr-1_0-1
installed"libustr-1_0-1-32bit
not-installed"libustr-devel
not-installed"libustr-devel-static
installed"libutempter0
not-installed"libutempter0-32bit
not-installed"libutf8proc1
installed"libuuid-devel
not-installed"libuuid-devel-32bit
not-installed"libuuid-devel-static
installed"libuuid1
installed"libuuid1-32bit
not-installed"libuv-devel
not-installed"libuv1
installed"libv4l
not-installed"libv4l-32bit
not-installed"libv4l-devel
not-installed"libv4l-devel-32bit
installed"libv4l1-0
installed"libv4l1-0-32bit
installed"libv4l2-0
installed"libv4l2-0-32bit
not-installed"libv4l2rds0
not-installed"libv4l2rds0-32bit
installed"libv4lconvert0
installed"libv4lconvert0-32bit
not-installed"libv8-5
not-installed"libva-devel
not-installed"libva-devel-32bit
installed"libva-drm1
not-installed"libva-drm1-32bit
installed"libva-egl1
not-installed"libva-egl1-32bit
not-installed"libva-gl-devel
not-installed"libva-gl-devel-32bit
installed"libva-glx1
not-installed"libva-glx1-32bit
not-installed"libva-vdpau-driver
not-installed"libva-wayland1
not-installed"libva-wayland1-32bit
installed"libva-x11-1
not-installed"libva-x11-1-32bit
installed"libva1
not-installed"libva1-32bit
not-installed"libvacuumutils17
not-installed"libvala-0_32-0
not-installed"libvala-0_32-devel
installed"libvamp-hostsdk3
not-installed"libvamp-hostsdk3-32bit
not-installed"libvamp-sdk2
not-installed"libvamp-sdk2-32bit
not-installed"libvarnishapi1
installed"libvcdinfo0
not-installed"libvcdinfo0-32bit
not-installed"libvdehist0
not-installed"libvdehist0-devel
not-installed"libvdemgmt0
not-installed"libvdemgmt0-devel
not-installed"libvdeplug3
not-installed"libvdeplug3-devel
not-installed"libvdesnmp0
not-installed"libvdesnmp0-devel
not-installed"libvdpau-devel
not-installed"libvdpau-devel-32bit
installed"libvdpau1
not-installed"libvdpau1-32bit
installed"libvdpau_nouveau
not-installed"libvdpau_nouveau-32bit
not-installed"libvdpau_r300
not-installed"libvdpau_r300-32bit
not-installed"libvdpau_r600
not-installed"libvdpau_r600-32bit
not-installed"libvdpau_radeonsi
not-installed"libvdpau_radeonsi-32bit
not-installed"libvdpau_trace1
not-installed"libvdpau_trace1-32bit
not-installed"libvdpau_va_gl1
not-installed"libvdpau_va_gl1-32bit
not-installed"libventrilo3-0
not-installed"libventrilo3-devel
not-installed"libverto-devel
not-installed"libverto-glib-devel
not-installed"libverto-glib1
not-installed"libverto-libev-devel
not-installed"libverto-libev1
not-installed"libverto-libev1-32bit
not-installed"libverto-tevent-devel
not-installed"libverto-tevent1
installed"libverto1
installed"libverto1-32bit
not-installed"libvhdi-devel
not-installed"libvhdi-tools
not-installed"libvhdi1
not-installed"libvidstab-devel
not-installed"libvidstab0_9
not-installed"libvidstab0_9-debuginfo
installed"libvigraimpex5
not-installed"libvigraimpex5-32bit
not-installed"libvips-devel
not-installed"libvips42
not-installed"libvirglrenderer0
not-installed"libvirt
not-installed"libvirt
not-installed"libvirt-admin
not-installed"libvirt-cim
not-installed"libvirt-cim
not-installed"libvirt-client
not-installed"libvirt-daemon
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-config-network
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-interface
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-libxl
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-lxc
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-network
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-secret
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-uml
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-driver-vbox
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-hooks
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-lxc
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-qemu
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-uml
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-vbox
not-installed"libvirt-daemon-xen
not-installed"libvirt-devel
not-installed"libvirt-devel-32bit
not-installed"libvirt-doc
not-installed"libvirt-glib-1_0-0
not-installed"libvirt-glib-devel
not-installed"libvirt-libs
not-installed"libvirt-lock-sanlock
not-installed"libvirt-nss
not-installed"libvirt-python
not-installed"libvirt-sandbox-1_0-5
not-installed"libvirt-sandbox-devel
not-installed"libvisio
installed"libvisio-0_1-1
not-installed"libvisio-devel
not-installed"libvisio-devel-doc
not-installed"libvisio-tools
installed"libvisual
not-installed"libvisual-32bit
not-installed"libvisual-devel
not-installed"libvisual-plugins
not-installed"libvlc-gtk0
not-installed"libvlc-gtk0-debuginfo
installed"libvlc5
not-installed"libvlc5-debuginfo
not-installed"libvlc6
not-installed"libvlc6-debuginfo
installed"libvlccore8
not-installed"libvlccore8-debuginfo
not-installed"libvlccore9
not-installed"libvlccore9-debuginfo
not-installed"libvmdk-devel
not-installed"libvmdk-tools
not-installed"libvmdk1
not-installed"libvmem-devel
not-installed"libvmem1
not-installed"libvmime-devel
not-installed"libvmime1
not-installed"libvmime_zarafa7-0
not-installed"libvmime_zarafa7-devel
not-installed"libvmmalloc-devel
not-installed"libvmmalloc1
not-installed"libvmtools-devel
not-installed"libvmtools0
installed"libvncclient0
not-installed"libvncserver0
not-installed"libvo-aacenc-devel
not-installed"libvo-aacenc0
not-installed"libvo-aacenc0-32bit
not-installed"libvo-aacenc0-debuginfo
not-installed"libvo-aacenc0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libvo-amrwbenc-devel
not-installed"libvo-amrwbenc0
not-installed"libvo-amrwbenc0-32bit
not-installed"libvo-amrwbenc0-debuginfo
not-installed"libvo-amrwbenc0-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libvoikko-devel
not-installed"libvoikko1
not-installed"libvoikko1-32bit
not-installed"libvolk1_3
not-installed"libvorbis
not-installed"libvorbis-devel
not-installed"libvorbis-doc
installed"libvorbis0
installed"libvorbis0-32bit
installed"libvorbisenc2
installed"libvorbisenc2-32bit
installed"libvorbisfile3
installed"libvorbisfile3-32bit
not-installed"libvotca_tools2
not-installed"libvpd2
not-installed"libvpd2-32bit
not-installed"libvpd2-devel
not-installed"libvpd2-devel-32bit
not-installed"libvpx
not-installed"libvpx-devel
installed"libvpx1
installed"libvpx1-32bit
not-installed"libvshadow-devel
not-installed"libvshadow-tools
not-installed"libvshadow1
not-installed"libvslvm-devel
not-installed"libvslvm-tools
not-installed"libvslvm1
not-installed"libvsqlitepp3
not-installed"libvte-2_91-0
not-installed"libvte9
not-installed"libvterm-devel
not-installed"libvterm-tools
not-installed"libvterm0
not-installed"libvulkan1
installed"libwacom-data
not-installed"libwacom-devel
not-installed"libwacom-tools
installed"libwacom2
not-installed"libwacom2-32bit
not-installed"libwaffle-1-0
not-installed"libwaltham0
not-installed"libwapcaplet-devel
not-installed"libwapcaplet0
installed"libwavpack1
not-installed"libwavpack1-32bit
installed"libwayland-client0
installed"libwayland-client0-32bit
installed"libwayland-cursor0
not-installed"libwayland-cursor0-32bit
not-installed"libwayland-egl-devel
not-installed"libwayland-egl1
not-installed"libwayland-egl1-32bit
installed"libwayland-server0
installed"libwayland-server0-32bit
not-installed"libwbclient-devel
installed"libwbclient0
installed"libwbclient0-32bit
not-installed"libwbxml2-1
not-installed"libwbxml2-devel
not-installed"libwcs5
not-installed"libwebcam-devel
not-installed"libwebcam0
installed"libwebkit2gtk-4_0-37
not-installed"libwebkit2gtk-4_0-37-32bit
installed"libwebkit2gtk3-lang
installed"libwebkitgtk-1_0-0
not-installed"libwebkitgtk-1_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libwebkitgtk-3_0-0
not-installed"libwebkitgtk-3_0-0-32bit
not-installed"libwebkitgtk-devel
installed"libwebkitgtk2-lang
not-installed"libwebkitgtk3-devel
not-installed"libwebkitgtk3-lang
not-installed"libwebp-devel
not-installed"libwebp-tools
installed"libwebp5
not-installed"libwebp5-32bit
not-installed"libwebpdecoder1
not-installed"libwebpdecoder1-32bit
installed"libwebpdemux1
not-installed"libwebpdemux1-32bit
installed"libwebpmux1
not-installed"libwebpmux1-32bit
not-installed"libwebrtc_audio_processing-devel
not-installed"libwebrtc_audio_processing-devel-static
installed"libwebrtc_audio_processing1
not-installed"libwebrtc_audio_processing1-32bit
not-installed"libwebrtc_audio_processing1-debuginfo
not-installed"libwebrtc_audio_processing1-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libweed-devel
not-installed"libweed0
not-installed"libweed0-debuginfo
installed"libwicked-0-6
not-installed"libwiiuse0
not-installed"libwlc0
installed"libwmf-0_2-7
not-installed"libwmf-0_2-7-32bit
not-installed"libwmf-devel
not-installed"libwmf-gnome
not-installed"libwmf-gnome-32bit
not-installed"libwmf-tools
not-installed"libwnck-1-22
not-installed"libwnck-1-22-32bit
not-installed"libwnck-3-0
not-installed"libwnck-3-0-32bit
not-installed"libwnck-devel
not-installed"libwnck-lang
not-installed"libwnck-tools
not-installed"libwnck2-devel
not-installed"libwnck2-lang
not-installed"libwnn0
not-installed"libwpd
installed"libwpd-0_10-10
not-installed"libwpd-devel
not-installed"libwpd-devel-doc
not-installed"libwpd-tools
installed"libwpg-0_3-3
not-installed"libwpg-devel
not-installed"libwpg-devel-doc
not-installed"libwpg-tools
not-installed"libwps
installed"libwps-0_4-4
not-installed"libwps-devel
not-installed"libwps-tools
installed"libwrap0
installed"libwrap0-32bit
not-installed"libwrc-devel
not-installed"libwrc-tools
not-installed"libwrc1
not-installed"libwslay0
not-installed"libwsman-devel
not-installed"libwsman3
not-installed"libwsman_clientpp-devel
not-installed"libwsman_clientpp1
not-installed"libwtdbomysql38
not-installed"libwtdbopostgres38
not-installed"libwv-1_2-3
not-installed"libwv2-4
not-installed"libwx_base-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_base-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_base_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_base_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_base_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_base_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_baseu-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_baseu-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_baseu-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_baseu-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_baseu-suse-nostl1
installed"libwx_baseu-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_baseu-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_baseu-suse1
not-installed"libwx_baseu-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl1
installed"libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_baseu_net-suse1
not-installed"libwx_baseu_net-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl1
installed"libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_baseu_xml-suse1
not-installed"libwx_baseu_xml-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl1
installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl1
installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_core-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl1
installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_html-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_media-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl1
installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-stl
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-stl-32bit
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl3
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl3-debuginfo
installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse1
not-installed"libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse1-32bit
not-installed"libwxcode_gtk2u_wxsqlite3-3_0-0
not-installed"libwxcode_gtk2u_wxsqlite3-3_0-0-debuginfo
not-installed"libwxlua
not-installed"libwxstedit-wx30gtk2u-1_6_0
not-installed"libwxsvg-devel
not-installed"libwxsvg3
not-installed"libwxsvg3-debuginfo
not-installed"libx264
installed"libx264-148
not-installed"libx264-148-32bit
not-installed"libx264-148-debuginfo
not-installed"libx264-148-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libx264-debugsource
not-installed"libx264-devel
not-installed"libx264-x264
not-installed"libx264-x264-debugsource
installed"libx265-116
not-installed"libx265-116-32bit
not-installed"libx265-116-debuginfo
not-installed"libx265-116-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libx265-devel
not-installed"libx86-1
not-installed"libx86-devel
not-installed"libx86-devel-static
not-installed"libx86emu-devel
installed"libx86emu1
not-installed"libxalan-c-devel
not-installed"libxalan-c111
not-installed"libxapian-devel
installed"libxapian22
not-installed"libxapian22-32bit
not-installed"libxapp-devel
not-installed"libxapp1
not-installed"libxapp1-32bit
not-installed"libxar-devel
not-installed"libxar1
not-installed"libxatracker-devel
not-installed"libxatracker2
not-installed"libxbsql0
not-installed"libxcb
installed"libxcb-composite0
not-installed"libxcb-composite0-32bit
installed"libxcb-cursor0
not-installed"libxcb-cursor0-32bit
installed"libxcb-damage0
not-installed"libxcb-damage0-32bit
installed"libxcb-devel
not-installed"libxcb-devel-32bit
not-installed"libxcb-devel-doc
installed"libxcb-dpms0
not-installed"libxcb-dpms0-32bit
installed"libxcb-dri2-0
installed"libxcb-dri2-0-32bit
installed"libxcb-dri3-0
installed"libxcb-dri3-0-32bit
not-installed"libxcb-errors0
not-installed"libxcb-errors0-32bit
installed"libxcb-ewmh2
not-installed"libxcb-ewmh2-32bit
installed"libxcb-glx0
installed"libxcb-glx0-32bit
installed"libxcb-icccm4
not-installed"libxcb-icccm4-32bit
installed"libxcb-image0
not-installed"libxcb-image0-32bit
installed"libxcb-keysyms1
not-installed"libxcb-keysyms1-32bit
installed"libxcb-present0
installed"libxcb-present0-32bit
installed"libxcb-randr0
not-installed"libxcb-randr0-32bit
installed"libxcb-record0
not-installed"libxcb-record0-32bit
installed"libxcb-render-util0
not-installed"libxcb-render-util0-32bit
installed"libxcb-render0
installed"libxcb-render0-32bit
installed"libxcb-res0
not-installed"libxcb-res0-32bit
installed"libxcb-screensaver0
not-installed"libxcb-screensaver0-32bit
installed"libxcb-shape0
not-installed"libxcb-shape0-32bit
installed"libxcb-shm0
installed"libxcb-shm0-32bit
installed"libxcb-sync1
installed"libxcb-sync1-32bit
installed"libxcb-util1
not-installed"libxcb-util1-32bit
installed"libxcb-xevie0
not-installed"libxcb-xevie0-32bit
installed"libxcb-xf86dri0
not-installed"libxcb-xf86dri0-32bit
installed"libxcb-xfixes0
installed"libxcb-xfixes0-32bit
installed"libxcb-xinerama0
not-installed"libxcb-xinerama0-32bit
installed"libxcb-xkb1
not-installed"libxcb-xkb1-32bit
installed"libxcb-xprint0
not-installed"libxcb-xprint0-32bit
installed"libxcb-xrm0
installed"libxcb-xtest0
not-installed"libxcb-xtest0-32bit
installed"libxcb-xv0
not-installed"libxcb-xv0-32bit
installed"libxcb-xvmc0
not-installed"libxcb-xvmc0-32bit
installed"libxcb1
installed"libxcb1-32bit
not-installed"libxdg-app0
not-installed"libxdg-basedir-devel
not-installed"libxdg-basedir1
installed"libxerces-c-3_1
not-installed"libxerces-c-3_1-32bit
not-installed"libxerces-c-devel
not-installed"libxfce4panel-1_0-4
not-installed"libxfce4panel-2_0-4
not-installed"libxfce4ui-1-0
not-installed"libxfce4ui-2-0
not-installed"libxfce4ui-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"libxfce4ui-branding-upstream
not-installed"libxfce4ui-devel
not-installed"libxfce4ui-doc
not-installed"libxfce4ui-lang
not-installed"libxfce4ui-tools
not-installed"libxfce4util-devel
not-installed"libxfce4util-lang
not-installed"libxfce4util-tools
not-installed"libxfce4util7
not-installed"libxfconf-0-2
not-installed"libxfconf-devel
not-installed"libxflaim
not-installed"libxflaim-devel
not-installed"libxfsm-4_6-0
not-installed"libxine-devel
not-installed"libxine2
not-installed"libxine2-32bit
not-installed"libxine2-aa
not-installed"libxine2-aa-debuginfo
not-installed"libxine2-codecs
not-installed"libxine2-debuginfo
not-installed"libxine2-directfb
not-installed"libxine2-directfb-debuginfo
not-installed"libxine2-esd
not-installed"libxine2-esd-debuginfo
not-installed"libxine2-gnome-vfs
not-installed"libxine2-gnome-vfs-debuginfo
not-installed"libxine2-jack
not-installed"libxine2-jack-debuginfo
not-installed"libxine2-pulse
not-installed"libxine2-pulse-debuginfo
not-installed"libxine2-sdl
not-installed"libxine2-sdl-debuginfo
not-installed"libxkbcommon-devel
not-installed"libxkbcommon-devel-32bit
installed"libxkbcommon-x11-0
not-installed"libxkbcommon-x11-0-32bit
not-installed"libxkbcommon-x11-devel
not-installed"libxkbcommon-x11-devel-32bit
installed"libxkbcommon0
not-installed"libxkbcommon0-32bit
installed"libxkbfile-devel
not-installed"libxkbfile-devel-32bit
installed"libxkbfile1
not-installed"libxkbfile1-32bit
not-installed"libxkbui-devel
not-installed"libxkbui-devel-32bit
not-installed"libxkbui1
not-installed"libxkbui1-32bit
not-installed"libxklavier-devel
not-installed"libxklavier-doc
not-installed"libxklavier16
not-installed"libxklavier16-32bit
not-installed"libxmi0
not-installed"libxml++-2_6-2
not-installed"libxml++-2_6-2-32bit
not-installed"libxml++-2_6-2-debuginfo
not-installed"libxml++-devel
not-installed"libxml++26
not-installed"libxml++26-debugsource
not-installed"libxml++26-devel
not-installed"libxml-security-c-devel
not-installed"libxml-security-c17
not-installed"libxml2
installed"libxml2-2
installed"libxml2-2-32bit
not-installed"libxml2-devel
not-installed"libxml2-devel-32bit
not-installed"libxml2-doc
installed"libxml2-tools
not-installed"libxmlrpc++8
not-installed"libxmlrpc3
not-installed"libxmlrpc_abyss3
not-installed"libxmlrpc_client++8
not-installed"libxmlrpc_client3
not-installed"libxmlrpc_cpp8
not-installed"libxmlrpc_packetsocket8
not-installed"libxmlrpc_server++8
not-installed"libxmlrpc_server3
not-installed"libxmlrpc_server_abyss++8
not-installed"libxmlrpc_server_abyss3
not-installed"libxmlrpc_server_cgi++8
not-installed"libxmlrpc_server_cgi3
not-installed"libxmlrpc_server_pstream++8
not-installed"libxmlrpc_util3
installed"libxmlsec1-1
not-installed"libxmlsec1-1-debuginfo
not-installed"libxmlsec1-devel
not-installed"libxmlsec1-gcrypt-devel
not-installed"libxmlsec1-gcrypt1
not-installed"libxmlsec1-gcrypt1-debuginfo
not-installed"libxmlsec1-gnutls-devel
not-installed"libxmlsec1-gnutls1
not-installed"libxmlsec1-gnutls1-debuginfo
not-installed"libxmlsec1-nss-devel
installed"libxmlsec1-nss1
not-installed"libxmlsec1-nss1-debuginfo
not-installed"libxmlsec1-openssl-devel
not-installed"libxmlsec1-openssl1
not-installed"libxmlsec1-openssl1-debuginfo
not-installed"libxmltooling-devel
not-installed"libxmltooling6
not-installed"libxmmsclient++-glib1
not-installed"libxmmsclient++4
not-installed"libxmmsclient-glib1
installed"libxmmsclient6
not-installed"libxmp-devel
not-installed"libxmp4
not-installed"libxnoise-devel
not-installed"libxnoise0
not-installed"libxpaintrw0
not-installed"libxpaintrw0-debuginfo
not-installed"libxplayer-plparser-mini18
not-installed"libxplayer-plparser-mini18-32bit
not-installed"libxplayer-plparser18
not-installed"libxplayer-plparser18-32bit
not-installed"libxreaderdocument3
not-installed"libxreaderview3
not-installed"libxshmfence-devel
installed"libxshmfence1
installed"libxshmfence1-32bit
not-installed"libxslt-devel
not-installed"libxslt-devel-32bit
not-installed"libxslt-python
installed"libxslt-tools
installed"libxslt1
installed"libxslt1-32bit
not-installed"libxspf-devel
not-installed"libxspf4
not-installed"libxtables-devel
installed"libxtables10
not-installed"libxtract-devel
not-installed"libxtract0
not-installed"libxtract0
not-installed"libxtract0-debuginfo
not-installed"libxtract0-debugsource
not-installed"libxvidcore-devel
installed"libxvidcore4
not-installed"libxvidcore4-32bit
not-installed"libxvidcore4-debuginfo
not-installed"libxvidcore4-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"libxy3
not-installed"libyajl-devel
not-installed"libyajl-devel-32bit
not-installed"libyajl-devel-static
installed"libyajl2
not-installed"libyajl2-32bit
not-installed"libyami-devel
not-installed"libyami-utils
not-installed"libyami1
installed"libyaml-0-2
not-installed"libyaml-cpp0_5
not-installed"libyaml-devel
not-installed"libyara-devel
not-installed"libyara3
not-installed"libyaz-devel
not-installed"libyaz-devel-32bit
not-installed"libyaz5
not-installed"libyaz5-32bit
not-installed"libyelp0
not-installed"libykclient-devel
not-installed"libykclient3
not-installed"libykneomgr-devel
not-installed"libykneomgr-doc
not-installed"libykneomgr0
not-installed"libykpers-1-1
not-installed"libykpers-devel
not-installed"libykpiv-devel
not-installed"libykpiv1
not-installed"libyubikey-devel
not-installed"libyubikey-tools
not-installed"libyubikey0
not-installed"libyui-devel
not-installed"libyui-doc
not-installed"libyui-ncurses-devel
not-installed"libyui-ncurses-doc
not-installed"libyui-ncurses-pkg-devel
not-installed"libyui-ncurses-pkg-doc
installed"libyui-ncurses-pkg7
installed"libyui-ncurses7
not-installed"libyui-qt
not-installed"libyui-qt-devel
not-installed"libyui-qt-doc
not-installed"libyui-qt-doc
not-installed"libyui-qt-graph-devel
not-installed"libyui-qt-graph-doc
installed"libyui-qt-graph7
not-installed"libyui-qt-pkg-devel
not-installed"libyui-qt-pkg-doc
installed"libyui-qt-pkg7
installed"libyui-qt7
installed"libyui7
installed"libz1
installed"libz1-32bit
not-installed"libz3-4_5
not-installed"libzapojit-0_0-0
not-installed"libzapojit-devel
not-installed"libzbar-devel
installed"libzbar0
not-installed"libzbar0-32bit
not-installed"libzbargtk-devel
not-installed"libzbargtk0
not-installed"libzbargtk0-32bit
not-installed"libzbarqt-devel
not-installed"libzbarqt0
not-installed"libzbarqt0-32bit
not-installed"libzbc-devel
not-installed"libzbc-gui
not-installed"libzbc-tools
not-installed"libzbc2
not-installed"libzebra1
not-installed"libzeitgeist-1_0-1
not-installed"libzeitgeist-1_0-1-32bit
not-installed"libzeitgeist-2_0-0
not-installed"libzeitgeist-devel
not-installed"libzen
not-installed"libzen-debugsource
not-installed"libzen-devel
installed"libzen0
not-installed"libzen0-32bit
not-installed"libzen0-debuginfo
not-installed"libzhuyin-data
not-installed"libzhuyin-devel
not-installed"libzhuyin7
not-installed"libzimg
not-installed"libzimg-debugsource
not-installed"libzimg-devel
not-installed"libzimg2
not-installed"libzimg2-debuginfo
not-installed"libzinnia0
not-installed"libzio-devel
installed"libzio1
not-installed"libzio1-32bit
not-installed"libzip
not-installed"libzip
not-installed"libzip-devel
installed"libzip2
not-installed"libzip2-32bit
not-installed"libzipios0
not-installed"libzipios0-debuginfo
not-installed"libzmf
installed"libzmf-0_0-0
not-installed"libzmf-devel
not-installed"libzmf-devel-doc
not-installed"libzmf-tools
not-installed"libzmq5
not-installed"libzn_poly-0_9
not-installed"libzopfli-devel
not-installed"libzopfli1
not-installed"libzopflipng1
not-installed"libzrtpcpp
not-installed"libzrtpcpp-debugsource
not-installed"libzrtpcpp-devel
not-installed"libzrtpcpp4
not-installed"libzrtpcpp4-debuginfo
not-installed"libzsolve0
not-installed"libzstd-devel
not-installed"libzstd-devel-static
not-installed"libzstd1
installed"libzvbi0
not-installed"libzvbi0-32bit
installed"libzypp
not-installed"libzypp
not-installed"libzypp-devel
not-installed"libzypp-devel-doc
not-installed"libzypp-plugin-appdata
not-installed"libzypp-testsuite-tools
not-installed"libzzip-0-13
not-installed"libzzip-0-13-32bit
not-installed"licq
not-installed"licq-devel
not-installed"licq-kde4-gui
not-installed"licq-lang
not-installed"licq-qt4-gui
not-installed"licq-qt4-gui-data
not-installed"lifecycle-data
installed"lifecycle-data-openSUSE
not-installed"lifelines
not-installed"liferea
not-installed"liferea-lang
not-installed"light-locker
not-installed"light-locker-lang
not-installed"lightdm
not-installed"lightdm-gobject-devel
not-installed"lightdm-gtk-greeter
not-installed"lightdm-gtk-greeter-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"lightdm-gtk-greeter-branding-upstream
not-installed"lightdm-gtk-greeter-lang
not-installed"lightdm-lang
not-installed"lightdm-qt-devel
not-installed"lightdm-qt5-devel
not-installed"lightdm-slick-greeter
not-installed"lightdm-slick-greeter-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"lightdm-slick-greeter-branding-upstream
not-installed"lightdm-slick-greeter-lang
not-installed"lightsoff
not-installed"lightsoff-lang
not-installed"lightspark
not-installed"lightspark
not-installed"lightspark-debuginfo
not-installed"lightspark-debugsource
not-installed"lightspark-lang
not-installed"lightspark-plugin
not-installed"lightspark-plugin-debuginfo
not-installed"lighttpd
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_authn_gssapi
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_authn_ldap
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_authn_mysql
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_cml
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_geoip
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_magnet
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_mysql_vhost
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_rrdtool
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_trigger_b4_dl
not-installed"lighttpd-mod_webdav
not-installed"lilo
not-installed"lilv
not-installed"lilv
not-installed"lilypond
not-installed"lilypond-century-schoolbook-l-fonts
not-installed"lilypond-doc
not-installed"lilypond-doc-cs
not-installed"lilypond-doc-de
not-installed"lilypond-doc-es
not-installed"lilypond-doc-fr
not-installed"lilypond-doc-hu
not-installed"lilypond-doc-it
not-installed"lilypond-doc-ja
not-installed"lilypond-doc-nl
not-installed"lilypond-doc-zh
not-installed"lilypond-emmentaler-fonts
not-installed"lilypond-fonts-common
not-installed"link-grammar
not-installed"link-grammar-devel
not-installed"linkchecker
not-installed"linkloop
not-installed"links
not-installed"linphone
not-installed"linphone
not-installed"linphone-debuginfo
not-installed"linphone-debugsource
not-installed"linphone-devel
not-installed"linphone-lang
not-installed"linux-atm
not-installed"linux-atm-devel
not-installed"linux-ftools
installed"linux-glibc-devel
not-installed"linux-libertine-fonts
not-installed"linux32
not-installed"linux_pcnfsd2
installed"linuxconsoletools
not-installed"linuxptp
not-installed"linuxrc
not-installed"linuxrc-devtools
not-installed"linuxsampler
not-installed"linuxsampler
not-installed"linuxsampler-debuginfo
not-installed"linuxsampler-debugsource
not-installed"linuxsampler-doc
not-installed"linuxvnc
not-installed"lio-mibs
not-installed"lio-utils
not-installed"lirc-config
not-installed"lirc-core
not-installed"lirc-devel
not-installed"lirc-disable-kernel-rc
not-installed"lirc-drv-portaudio
not-installed"lirc-tools-gui
not-installed"listres
not-installed"lit
not-installed"litetran
not-installed"littleb-devel
not-installed"littleb-examples
not-installed"littlewizard
not-installed"littlewizard-devel
not-installed"littlewizard-examples
not-installed"live-fat-stick
not-installed"live-grub-stick
not-installed"live-usb-gui
not-installed"live555-devel
not-installed"liveMedia
not-installed"liveMedia
not-installed"liveMedia-debuginfo
not-installed"liveMedia-debugsource
not-installed"livedtd
not-installed"livestreamer
not-installed"lklug-fonts
not-installed"lksctp-tools
not-installed"lksctp-tools-devel
not-installed"llcbench
not-installed"lldb
not-installed"lldpd
not-installed"lldpd
not-installed"lldpd-devel
not-installed"llmnrd
not-installed"llvm
installed"llvm-clang
not-installed"llvm-clang-devel
not-installed"llvm-devel
not-installed"llvm-vim-plugins
not-installed"lmarbles
not-installed"lmdb
not-installed"lmdb-devel
not-installed"lmicc-account
not-installed"lmicc-bin
not-installed"lmicc-hardware
not-installed"lmicc-libs
not-installed"lmicc-network
not-installed"lmicc-overview
not-installed"lmicc-service
not-installed"lmicc-software
installed"lmms
not-installed"lmms
not-installed"lmms-debuginfo
not-installed"lmms-debugsource
not-installed"lmms-devel
not-installed"lndir
installed"lockdev
not-installed"lockdev-devel
not-installed"log4cplus-devel
not-installed"log4cpp
not-installed"log4cpp-debugsource
not-installed"log4cpp-devel
not-installed"log4cpp-doc
not-installed"log4j
not-installed"log4j-javadoc
not-installed"log4j-manual
not-installed"log4j-mini
not-installed"log4net
not-installed"logdigest
installed"logrotate
not-installed"logrotate
not-installed"logstalgia
not-installed"logtail
not-installed"logwarn
not-installed"logwarn-nagios-plugin
not-installed"logwatch
not-installed"lokalize
not-installed"lokalize-lang
not-installed"lollypop
not-installed"lollypop-portal
not-installed"lomoco
not-installed"lomt-blackout-fonts
not-installed"lomt-chunk-fonts
not-installed"lomt-fanwood-fonts
not-installed"lomt-goudybookletter-fonts
not-installed"lomt-junction-fonts
not-installed"lomt-knewave-fonts
not-installed"lomt-leaguegothic-fonts
not-installed"lomt-lindenhill-fonts
not-installed"lomt-orbitron-fonts
not-installed"lomt-ostrichsans-fonts
not-installed"lomt-prociono-fonts
not-installed"lomt-script1-fonts
not-installed"lomt-sniglet-fonts
not-installed"lomt-sortsmillgoudy-fonts
not-installed"lonote
not-installed"loook
not-installed"loudmouth-devel
not-installed"loudmouth-doc
not-installed"love
not-installed"love
not-installed"love-0_7_2
not-installed"love-debuginfo
not-installed"love-debugsource
not-installed"lowpan-tools
not-installed"lowpan-tools-devel
not-installed"lowpan-tools-tests
not-installed"lpairs
not-installed"lpe
not-installed"lprof
not-installed"lpsolve
not-installed"lpsolve-devel
not-installed"lrcShow-X
not-installed"lrcShow-X-lang
not-installed"lrzip
not-installed"lsb
installed"lsb-release
installed"lsb5
installed"lsb5-core
installed"lsb5-desktop
installed"lsb5-imaging
installed"lsb5-languages
not-installed"lsdvd
not-installed"lsdvd
not-installed"lsdvd-debuginfo
not-installed"lsdvd-debugsource
not-installed"lshw
not-installed"lshw-gui
not-installed"lskat
installed"lsof
installed"lsscsi
not-installed"lsscsi
not-installed"lswm
not-installed"lsyncd
not-installed"ltrace
not-installed"ltrace-32bit
not-installed"lttng-modules
not-installed"lttng-modules-kmp-default
not-installed"lttng-tools
not-installed"lttng-tools-devel
not-installed"lttng-ust
not-installed"lttng-ust-devel
not-installed"lttng-ust-docs
not-installed"ltxml
not-installed"ltxml-devel
installed"lua
not-installed"lua-devel
not-installed"lua-doc
not-installed"lua-lgi
not-installed"lua-lgi-doc
not-installed"lua-libguestfs
not-installed"lua-libprelude
not-installed"lua-lmod
not-installed"lua-lmod-doc
not-installed"lua-luafilesystem
not-installed"lua-luaposix
not-installed"lua-luaposix-doc
not-installed"lua-luaterm
not-installed"lua-rrdtool
installed"lua51
not-installed"lua51
not-installed"lua51-BitOp
not-installed"lua51-BitOp-doc
not-installed"lua51-LPeg
not-installed"lua51-LPeg-doc
not-installed"lua51-MessagePack
not-installed"lua51-devel
not-installed"lua51-doc
not-installed"lua51-luaexpat
not-installed"lua51-luafilesystem
not-installed"lua51-luajit
not-installed"lua51-luajit-devel
not-installed"lua51-luasec
not-installed"lua51-luasocket
not-installed"lua51-mpack
not-installed"luabind-devel
installed"luasocket
not-installed"lucene++-devel
not-installed"lugaru
not-installed"lugaru-data
installed"luit
not-installed"luvcview
not-installed"lv
not-installed"lv2
not-installed"lv2-calf
not-installed"lv2-calf-debuginfo
not-installed"lv2-devel
not-installed"lv2-examples
not-installed"lv2-guitarix
not-installed"lv2-linuxsampler
not-installed"lv2-linuxsampler-debuginfo
installed"lvm2
not-installed"lvm2
not-installed"lvm2-clvm
not-installed"lvm2-cmirrord
not-installed"lvm2-devel
not-installed"lxappearance
not-installed"lxappearance-devel
not-installed"lxappearance-lang
not-installed"lxappearance-obconf
not-installed"lxappearance-obconf-lang
not-installed"lxc
not-installed"lxc
not-installed"lxc-devel
not-installed"lxcc
not-installed"lxde
not-installed"lxde-common
not-installed"lxde-common-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"lxde-common-branding-upstream
not-installed"lxdm
not-installed"lxdvdrip
not-installed"lxdvdrip
not-installed"lxdvdrip-debuginfo
not-installed"lxdvdrip-debugsource
not-installed"lximage-qt
not-installed"lximage-qt-lang
not-installed"lxinput
not-installed"lxinput-lang
not-installed"lxlauncher
not-installed"lxmenu-data
not-installed"lxmusic
not-installed"lxmusic-lang
not-installed"lxpanel
not-installed"lxpanel-devel
not-installed"lxpanel-lang
not-installed"lxpanel-plugin-power-manager
not-installed"lxqt
not-installed"lxqt-about
not-installed"lxqt-about-lang
not-installed"lxqt-admin-lang
not-installed"lxqt-build-tools-devel
not-installed"lxqt-common
not-installed"lxqt-config
not-installed"lxqt-config-lang
not-installed"lxqt-globalkeys
not-installed"lxqt-globalkeys-devel
not-installed"lxqt-globalkeys-lang
not-installed"lxqt-l10n
not-installed"lxqt-notificationd
not-installed"lxqt-notificationd-lang
not-installed"lxqt-openssh-askpass
not-installed"lxqt-openssh-askpass-lang
not-installed"lxqt-panel
not-installed"lxqt-panel-devel
not-installed"lxqt-panel-lang
not-installed"lxqt-policykit
not-installed"lxqt-policykit-lang
not-installed"lxqt-powermanagement
not-installed"lxqt-powermanagement-lang
not-installed"lxqt-qtplugin
not-installed"lxqt-runner
not-installed"lxqt-runner-lang
not-installed"lxqt-session
not-installed"lxqt-session-lang
not-installed"lxqt-sudo
not-installed"lxqt-sudo-lang
not-installed"lxqt-theme-openSUSE-default
not-installed"lxqt-theme-openSUSE-leaper
not-installed"lxqt-theme-openSUSE-light
not-installed"lxrandr
not-installed"lxrandr-lang
not-installed"lxsession
not-installed"lxshortcut
not-installed"lxtask
not-installed"lxtask-lang
not-installed"lxterminal
not-installed"lxterminal
not-installed"lxterminal-lang
not-installed"lynis
installed"lynx
not-installed"lynx
not-installed"lyx
not-installed"lz4
not-installed"lzfse
not-installed"lzip
not-installed"lziprecover
not-installed"lzlib-devel
not-installed"lzo-devel
not-installed"lzo-devel-32bit
not-installed"lzop
not-installed"m17n-db
not-installed"m17n-lib
not-installed"m17n-lib-devel
installed"m4
not-installed"mISDNuser
not-installed"mISDNuser-devel
not-installed"mac
not-installed"mac-debuginfo
not-installed"mac-robber
not-installed"macchanger
not-installed"machinery
not-installed"machinery
not-installed"machinery-doc
not-installed"macrofusion
not-installed"macrofusion
not-installed"madplay
not-installed"madplay
not-installed"madplay-debuginfo
not-installed"madplay-debugsource
not-installed"madplay-lang
not-installed"maelstrom
not-installed"mail_server
installed"mailcommon
not-installed"mailcommon-devel
installed"mailcommon-lang
not-installed"mailgraph
installed"mailimporter
not-installed"mailimporter-devel
installed"mailimporter-lang
not-installed"mailman
not-installed"mailnag
not-installed"mailsync
installed"mailx
installed"maim
not-installed"mairix
installed"make
not-installed"makedepend
not-installed"makedev
not-installed"makedumpfile
not-installed"makedumpfile
installed"makeinfo
not-installed"makeinfo4
not-installed"makemkv
not-installed"makemkv
not-installed"makeself
not-installed"makewhat
not-installed"malaga
not-installed"malaga-suomi
not-installed"mame
not-installed"mame
not-installed"mame-arcade
not-installed"mame-arcade-debuginfo
not-installed"mame-data
not-installed"mame-debuginfo
not-installed"mame-debugsource
not-installed"mame-mess
not-installed"mame-mess-debuginfo
not-installed"mame-tools
not-installed"mame-tools-debuginfo
installed"man
installed"man-pages
not-installed"man-pages-de
not-installed"man-pages-de
not-installed"man-pages-fr
not-installed"man-pages-fr-extra
not-installed"man-pages-ja
installed"man-pages-posix
not-installed"man-pages-zh_CN
not-installed"manchu-fonts
not-installed"mandvd
not-installed"mandvd
not-installed"mandvd-debuginfo
not-installed"mandvd-debugsource
not-installed"mangler
not-installed"mango-doc
not-installed"manpageeditor
installed"manufacturer-PPDs
installed"marble
installed"marble-data
not-installed"marble-devel
installed"marble-doc
installed"marble-kde
installed"marble-lang
not-installed"marble-qt
not-installed"marco
not-installed"marco-devel
not-installed"marco-lang
not-installed"marco-themes
installed"mariadb
not-installed"mariadb
not-installed"mariadb-bench
installed"mariadb-client
installed"mariadb-errormessages
not-installed"mariadb-test
not-installed"mariadb-tools
not-installed"marisa
not-installed"marisa-devel
not-installed"markdown-unlit
installed"master-boot-code
not-installed"mate
not-installed"mate-applet-appmenu
not-installed"mate-applet-dock
not-installed"mate-applet-indicator
not-installed"mate-applet-indicator-lang
not-installed"mate-applet-sensors
not-installed"mate-applet-sensors-devel
not-installed"mate-applet-sensors-lang
not-installed"mate-applet-softupd
not-installed"mate-applet-softupd-lang
not-installed"mate-applets
not-installed"mate-applets-lang
not-installed"mate-backgrounds
not-installed"mate-backgrounds-lang
not-installed"mate-calc
not-installed"mate-calc-lang
not-installed"mate-common
not-installed"mate-control-center
not-installed"mate-control-center-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"mate-control-center-branding-upstream
not-installed"mate-control-center-devel
not-installed"mate-control-center-lang
not-installed"mate-desktop
not-installed"mate-desktop-devel
not-installed"mate-desktop-gschemas
not-installed"mate-desktop-gschemas-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"mate-desktop-gschemas-branding-upstream
not-installed"mate-desktop-lang
not-installed"mate-dictionary
not-installed"mate-disk-usage-analyzer
not-installed"mate-icon-theme
not-installed"mate-icon-theme-faenza
not-installed"mate-icon-theme-faenza-dark
not-installed"mate-icon-theme-faenza-gray
not-installed"mate-media
not-installed"mate-media-lang
not-installed"mate-menu
not-installed"mate-menu-lang
not-installed"mate-menus
not-installed"mate-menus-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"mate-menus-branding-upstream
not-installed"mate-menus-devel
not-installed"mate-menus-lang
not-installed"mate-netbook
not-installed"mate-netbook-lang
not-installed"mate-notification-daemon
not-installed"mate-notification-daemon-lang
not-installed"mate-panel
not-installed"mate-panel-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"mate-panel-branding-upstream
not-installed"mate-panel-devel
not-installed"mate-panel-lang
not-installed"mate-polkit
not-installed"mate-polkit-devel
not-installed"mate-polkit-lang
not-installed"mate-power-manager
not-installed"mate-power-manager-lang
not-installed"mate-screensaver
not-installed"mate-screensaver-devel
not-installed"mate-screensaver-lang
not-installed"mate-screenshot
not-installed"mate-search-tool
not-installed"mate-session-manager
not-installed"mate-session-manager-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"mate-session-manager-branding-upstream
not-installed"mate-session-manager-gschemas
not-installed"mate-session-manager-lang
not-installed"mate-settings-daemon
not-installed"mate-settings-daemon-devel
not-installed"mate-settings-daemon-lang
not-installed"mate-system-log
not-installed"mate-system-monitor
not-installed"mate-system-monitor-lang
not-installed"mate-terminal
not-installed"mate-terminal-lang
not-installed"mate-themes
not-installed"mate-tweak
not-installed"mate-tweak-lang
not-installed"mate-user-guide
not-installed"mate-user-guide-lang
not-installed"mate-user-share
not-installed"mate-user-share-lang
not-installed"mate-utils-common-lang
not-installed"mate_basis
not-installed"matekbd-common
not-installed"mateweather-common
not-installed"mathgl-cgi
not-installed"mathgl-devel
not-installed"mathgl-devel-static
not-installed"mathgl-doc
not-installed"mathgl-doc-pdf
not-installed"mathgl-doc-ru
not-installed"mathgl-examples
not-installed"mathgl-fonts
not-installed"mathgl-lua
not-installed"mathgl-tex
not-installed"mathgl-tex-doc
not-installed"mathgl-tools
not-installed"mathjax
not-installed"mathjax-ams-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-caligraphic-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-fraktur-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-main-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-math-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-sansserif-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-script-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-size1-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-size2-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-size3-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-size4-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-typewriter-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-winchrome-fonts
not-installed"mathjax-winie6-fonts
not-installed"mathml-dtd
not-installed"mathomatic
not-installed"mathomatic-devel
not-installed"matio-tools
not-installed"matthewlib-java
not-installed"matthewlib-java-javadoc
not-installed"mawk
not-installed"maxima
not-installed"maxima-exec-clisp
not-installed"maxima-lang-de-utf8
not-installed"maxima-lang-es-utf8
not-installed"maxima-lang-pt-utf8
not-installed"maxima-lang-pt_BR-utf8
not-installed"maxima-xmaxima
not-installed"maya-calendar
not-installed"maya-calendar-devel
not-installed"maya-calendar-lang
not-installed"mbedtls
not-installed"mbedtls-devel
not-installed"mbimcli-bash-completion
installed"mbox-importer
installed"mbox-importer-lang
not-installed"mbrola
not-installed"mbrola
not-installed"mbrola-de1
not-installed"mbrola-de1
not-installed"mbrola-de2
not-installed"mbrola-de2
not-installed"mbrola-de3
not-installed"mbrola-de3
not-installed"mbrola-de4
not-installed"mbrola-de4
not-installed"mbrola-de5
not-installed"mbrola-de5
not-installed"mbrola-de6
not-installed"mbrola-de6
not-installed"mbrola-de7
not-installed"mbrola-de7
not-installed"mbrola-de8
not-installed"mbrola-de8
not-installed"mbrola-debuginfo
not-installed"mbrola-debugsource
not-installed"mbuffer
not-installed"mc
not-installed"mc-lang
not-installed"mcabber
not-installed"mcabber-devel
installed"mcelog
not-installed"mcpp
not-installed"mcpp-devel
not-installed"mcrypt
not-installed"mcstrans
not-installed"md_monitor
installed"mdadm
not-installed"mdbtools
not-installed"mdbtools-devel
not-installed"mdbtools-gui
not-installed"mdds-1_0-devel
not-installed"mdds-1_2
not-installed"mdds-1_2-devel
not-installed"mdds-devel
not-installed"mdf2iso
not-installed"mdf2iso
not-installed"mdf2iso-debuginfo
not-installed"mdf2iso-debugsource
not-installed"mdtest
not-installed"me-tv
not-installed"me-tv
not-installed"me-tv-debuginfo
not-installed"me-tv-debugsource
not-installed"me-tv-lang
not-installed"meanwhile-devel
not-installed"meanwhile-doc
not-installed"med
not-installed"med
not-installed"med-debuginfo
not-installed"med-debugsource
not-installed"med-devel
installed"media-player-info
installed"mediainfo
not-installed"mediainfo
not-installed"mediainfo-debuginfo
not-installed"mediainfo-debugsource
not-installed"mediainfo-gui
not-installed"mediainfo-gui-debuginfo
not-installed"mediastreamer2
not-installed"mediastreamer2
not-installed"mediastreamer2-debuginfo
not-installed"mediastreamer2-debugsource
not-installed"mediastreamer2-devel
not-installed"mediastreamer2-lang
not-installed"mediatomb
not-installed"mediatomb
not-installed"mediatomb-debugsource
not-installed"mediatomb-mysql
not-installed"mediatomb-mysql-debuginfo
not-installed"mediatomb-sqlite
not-installed"mediatomb-sqlite-debuginfo
not-installed"mednafen
not-installed"meep
not-installed"meep-devel
not-installed"meld
not-installed"meld-lang
not-installed"melt
not-installed"melt6
not-installed"melt6-debuginfo
not-installed"memcached
not-installed"memcached-devel
not-installed"memkind
not-installed"memkind-devel
not-installed"memphis-devel
not-installed"memprof
not-installed"memprof-lang
not-installed"memtest86+
not-installed"menu-cache
not-installed"menu-cache-devel
not-installed"mercurial
not-installed"mercurial
not-installed"mercurial-lang
not-installed"meslo-lg-fonts
not-installed"meson
not-installed"meson-tools
installed"messagelib
not-installed"messagelib
not-installed"messagelib-devel
installed"messagelib-lang
not-installed"metacity
not-installed"metacity-devel
not-installed"metacity-lang
not-installed"metacity-tools
installed"metamail
installed"metatheme-adwaita-common
not-installed"metatheme-ambiance-common
not-installed"metatheme-ambiant-mate-common
not-installed"metatheme-arc-common
not-installed"metatheme-bluebird-common
installed"metatheme-breeze-common
not-installed"metatheme-elementary-common
not-installed"metatheme-greybird-common
not-installed"metatheme-numix-common
not-installed"metatheme-paper-common
not-installed"metatheme-radiance-common
not-installed"metatheme-radiant-mate-common
not-installed"metatheme-sonar-common
not-installed"metatheme-vertex-common
not-installed"metatheme-yuyo-common
not-installed"meterbridge
not-installed"metis
not-installed"metis-devel
not-installed"metis-doc
not-installed"mfoc
not-installed"mfsm
not-installed"mftrace
not-installed"mgdiff
not-installed"mgetty
not-installed"mgopen-fonts
not-installed"mgp
not-installed"mhash-devel
not-installed"mhtml-firefox
not-installed"miam-player
not-installed"miam-player
not-installed"miam-player-debuginfo
not-installed"miam-player-debugsource
not-installed"miam-player-devel
not-installed"miao-fonts
not-installed"microspdy2http
not-installed"midori
not-installed"midori-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"midori-branding-upstream
not-installed"midori-devel
not-installed"midori-lang
not-installed"mii-tool
not-installed"mii-tool
not-installed"mii-tool-debuginfo
not-installed"mii-tool-debugsource
not-installed"mikachan-fonts
not-installed"miller
installed"milou5
installed"milou5-lang
not-installed"mined
not-installed"minetest
not-installed"minetest-data
not-installed"minetest-game
not-installed"minetest-lang
not-installed"minetestserver
not-installed"mingetty
not-installed"mingzat-fonts
not-installed"minicom
not-installed"minicom
not-installed"minicom-lang
not-installed"minidlna
not-installed"minidlna
not-installed"minidlna-debuginfo
not-installed"minidlna-debugsource
not-installed"mininet
not-installed"mininews
not-installed"minisat
not-installed"minisat-devel
not-installed"minitube
not-installed"minitube-lang
not-installed"miniupnpc
not-installed"minizip-devel
not-installed"minuet
not-installed"mipv6d
not-installed"miro
not-installed"miro
not-installed"miro-debuginfo
not-installed"miro-debugsource
not-installed"mirovideoconverter
not-installed"mirovideoconverter
not-installed"mirror
not-installed"mirrormagic
not-installed"misc_server
not-installed"mixxx
not-installed"mixxx
not-installed"mixxx-1-11
not-installed"mixxx-1-11
not-installed"mixxx-1-11-debuginfo
not-installed"mixxx-1-11-debugsource
not-installed"mixxx-debuginfo
not-installed"mixxx-debugsource
not-installed"mixxx-unstable
not-installed"mixxx-unstable
not-installed"mixxx-unstable-debuginfo
not-installed"mixxx-unstable-debugsource
installed"mjpegtools
not-installed"mjpegtools
not-installed"mjpegtools-debuginfo
not-installed"mjpegtools-debugsource
not-installed"mjpegtools-orig-addon
not-installed"mjpegtools-orig-addon-debuginfo
not-installed"mk-configure
not-installed"mk-configure-doc
not-installed"mkcomposecache
not-installed"mkdud
not-installed"mkelfImage
installed"mkfontdir
installed"mkfontscale
installed"mkisofs
not-installed"mksh
not-installed"mksusecd
not-installed"mktorrent
not-installed"mktorrent
not-installed"mktorrent-debuginfo
not-installed"mktorrent-debugsource
not-installed"mkvtoolnix
not-installed"mkvtoolnix
not-installed"mkvtoolnix-gui
not-installed"mlmmj
not-installed"mlmmj
installed"mlocate
installed"mlocate-lang
not-installed"mmc-utils
not-installed"mmdblookup
not-installed"mmv
not-installed"moarvm
not-installed"moarvm-devel
installed"mobile-broadband-provider-info
installed"mobipocket
not-installed"mobipocket-devel
not-installed"moc
not-installed"moc
not-installed"moc-debuginfo
not-installed"moc-debugsource
not-installed"modem-manager-gui
not-installed"modem-manager-gui-lang
not-installed"modglue-devel
not-installed"moe
not-installed"moinmoin-wiki
not-installed"moka-icon-theme
installed"mokutil
not-installed"monapo-fonts
not-installed"moneyplex-daten
not-installed"moneyplex-suse
not-installed"mongodb
not-installed"mongodb
not-installed"mongodb-mongoperf
not-installed"mongodb-mongos
not-installed"mongodb-server
not-installed"mongodb-shell
not-installed"mongolian-fonts
not-installed"monit
not-installed"monit
not-installed"monit-doc
not-installed"monitoring-plugins
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-all
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-bind
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-bonding
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-breeze
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-by_ssh
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-clamav
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-cluster
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-common
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-contentage
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-cups
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dbi
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dbi-mysql
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dbi-pgsql
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dbi-sqlite3
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dhcp
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dig
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-disk
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-disk_smb
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-diskio
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dns
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-dummy
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-extras
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-fail2ban
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-file_age
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-flexlm
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-fping
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-haproxy
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-hpjd
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-http
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-icmp
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ide_smart
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ifoperstatus
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ifstatus
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ipmi-sensor1
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ircd
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ldap
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-load
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-log
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-mailq
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-mailstat
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-mem
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-metadata
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-mrtg
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-mrtgtraf
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-mysql
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-mysql_health
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-nagios
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-nis
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-nrpe
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-nt
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ntp_peer
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ntp_time
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-nwstat
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-openvpn
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-oracle
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-overcr
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-pgsql
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ping
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-procs
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-qlogic_sanbox
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-radius
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-real
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-repomd
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-rpc
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-rsync
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-sar-perf
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-sensors
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-sentry3
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-sip
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-smart
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-smtp
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-snmp
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ssh
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-swap
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-tcp
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-tftp
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-time
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-traffic_limit
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-ups
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-users
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-wave
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-zypper
not-installed"monitoring-plugins-zypper
not-installed"monitoring-tools
installed"mono-addins
not-installed"mono-addins-devel
not-installed"mono-addins-msbuild
not-installed"mono-basic
not-installed"mono-complete
installed"mono-core
installed"mono-data
not-installed"mono-data-oracle
installed"mono-data-sqlite
not-installed"mono-debugger
not-installed"mono-devel
installed"mono-extras
not-installed"mono-locale-extras
installed"mono-mvc
not-installed"mono-nat
not-installed"mono-nat-devel
not-installed"mono-nuget
not-installed"mono-nuget-devel
not-installed"mono-nunit
not-installed"mono-qt4
not-installed"mono-qt4-devel
not-installed"mono-reactive
not-installed"mono-uia
not-installed"mono-uia-devel
not-installed"mono-upnp
not-installed"mono-upnp-devel
installed"mono-wcf
installed"mono-web
installed"mono-winforms
installed"mono-winfxcore
not-installed"mono-zeroconf
not-installed"mono-zeroconf-devel
not-installed"mono-zeroconf-doc
not-installed"mono-zeroconf-provider-avahi
not-installed"monodoc-core
not-installed"moodbar
not-installed"moodbar-devel
not-installed"mopac7
not-installed"moreutils
not-installed"moreutils-parallel
not-installed"morituri
not-installed"mosh
not-installed"most
not-installed"motif
not-installed"motif-devel
not-installed"motif-devel-32bit
not-installed"motion
not-installed"motion
not-installed"motion-debuginfo
not-installed"motion-debugsource
not-installed"motion-doc
not-installed"motoya-lcedar-fonts
not-installed"motoya-lmaru-fonts
not-installed"motv
not-installed"mousepad
not-installed"mousepad-lang
not-installed"mousetweaks
not-installed"mousetweaks-lang
not-installed"moviethumbnailer
not-installed"moviethumbnailer
not-installed"movit
not-installed"movit-data
not-installed"movit-debugsource
not-installed"movit-devel
not-installed"mozaddon-bugmenot
not-installed"mozaddon-devel
not-installed"mozc
not-installed"mozc-gui-tools
not-installed"mozilla-jss
not-installed"mozilla-jss-javadoc
installed"mozilla-nspr
installed"mozilla-nspr-32bit
not-installed"mozilla-nspr-devel
installed"mozilla-nss
not-installed"mozilla-nss
installed"mozilla-nss-32bit
installed"mozilla-nss-certs
installed"mozilla-nss-certs-32bit
not-installed"mozilla-nss-devel
not-installed"mozilla-nss-sysinit
not-installed"mozilla-nss-sysinit-32bit
not-installed"mozilla-nss-tools
not-installed"mozjs17
not-installed"mozjs17-devel
not-installed"mozjs24
not-installed"mozjs24-devel
not-installed"mozjs38
not-installed"mozjs38
not-installed"mozjs38-devel
not-installed"mozldap-devel
not-installed"mozldap-libs
not-installed"mozldap-tools
not-installed"mozo
not-installed"mozo-lang
not-installed"mp
not-installed"mp
not-installed"mp-debuginfo
not-installed"mp-debugsource
not-installed"mp3_check
not-installed"mp3_check
not-installed"mp3_check-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3_check-debugsource
not-installed"mp3blaster
not-installed"mp3blaster
not-installed"mp3blaster-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3blaster-debugsource
not-installed"mp3diags
not-installed"mp3diags
not-installed"mp3diags-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3diags-debugsource
not-installed"mp3diags-unstable
not-installed"mp3diags-unstable
not-installed"mp3diags-unstable-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3diags-unstable-debugsource
not-installed"mp3gain
not-installed"mp3gain
not-installed"mp3gain-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3gain-debugsource
not-installed"mp3info
not-installed"mp3info
not-installed"mp3info-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3info-debugsource
not-installed"mp3splt
not-installed"mp3splt
not-installed"mp3splt-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3splt-debugsource
not-installed"mp3val
not-installed"mp3val
not-installed"mp3val-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3val-debugsource
not-installed"mp3wrap
not-installed"mp3wrap
not-installed"mp3wrap-debuginfo
not-installed"mp3wrap-debugsource
not-installed"mp4als
not-installed"mp4als
not-installed"mp4als-debuginfo
not-installed"mpc-devel
not-installed"mpc-devel-32bit
not-installed"mpclient
not-installed"mpclient
not-installed"mpclient-debuginfo
not-installed"mpclient-debugsource
not-installed"mpd
not-installed"mpd
not-installed"mpd-debuginfo
not-installed"mpd-debugsource
not-installed"mpeg2dec
not-installed"mpeg2dec-debuginfo
not-installed"mpeg2demux
not-installed"mpeg2demux-debuginfo
not-installed"mpeg4ip
not-installed"mpeg4ip
not-installed"mpeg4ip-debuginfo
not-installed"mpeg4ip-debugsource
not-installed"mpfc
not-installed"mpfc
not-installed"mpfc-debuginfo
not-installed"mpfc-debugsource
not-installed"mpfi-devel
not-installed"mpfr-devel
not-installed"mpfr-devel-32bit
not-installed"mpg123
not-installed"mpg123
not-installed"mpg123-debuginfo
not-installed"mpg123-debugsource
not-installed"mpg123-devel
not-installed"mpg123-devel-32bit
installed"mpg123-esound
not-installed"mpg123-esound-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-esound-debuginfo
not-installed"mpg123-esound-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-jack
not-installed"mpg123-jack-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-jack-debuginfo
not-installed"mpg123-jack-debuginfo-32bit
installed"mpg123-openal
not-installed"mpg123-openal-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-openal-debuginfo
not-installed"mpg123-openal-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-portaudio
not-installed"mpg123-portaudio-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-portaudio-debuginfo
not-installed"mpg123-portaudio-debuginfo-32bit
installed"mpg123-pulse
not-installed"mpg123-pulse-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-pulse-debuginfo
not-installed"mpg123-pulse-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-sdl
not-installed"mpg123-sdl-32bit
not-installed"mpg123-sdl-debuginfo
not-installed"mpg123-sdl-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"mpgtx
not-installed"mpgtx
not-installed"mpi-selector
not-installed"mpitests
not-installed"mpitests-mvapich2
not-installed"mpitests-mvapich2-psm
not-installed"mpitests-openmpi
not-installed"mplus-fonts
not-installed"mppenc
not-installed"mppenc
not-installed"mppenc-debuginfo
not-installed"mppenc-debugsource
not-installed"mpt-firmware
installed"mpt-status
not-installed"mpv
not-installed"mpv
not-installed"mpv-bash-completion
not-installed"mpv-debuginfo
not-installed"mpv-devel
not-installed"mpv-zsh-completion
not-installed"mr
not-installed"mraa
not-installed"mraa-devel
not-installed"mraa-examples
not-installed"mrrescue
not-installed"mrsh
not-installed"mrsh-rsh-compat
not-installed"mrsh-rsh-server-compat
not-installed"mrsh-server
not-installed"mrtg
not-installed"mrtg-doc
not-installed"ms-sys
not-installed"ms-sys
not-installed"ms-sys-debuginfo
not-installed"ms-sys-debugsource
not-installed"mscgen
not-installed"msgpack-devel
installed"msitools
not-installed"msitools
not-installed"msitools-debuginfo
not-installed"msitools-debugsource
not-installed"msitools-devel
installed"msitools-lang
not-installed"msmtp
not-installed"msmtp-doc
not-installed"msmtp-mta
not-installed"msr-tools
not-installed"mstflint
not-installed"mt_st
not-installed"mtd-utils
not-installed"mtdev
not-installed"mtdev-devel
installed"mtools
not-installed"mtools-doc
not-installed"mtools-floppyd
not-installed"mtp-tools
not-installed"mtpaint
not-installed"mtpaint-handbook
not-installed"mtpaint-lang
not-installed"mtpfs
not-installed"mtpfs
not-installed"mtpfs-debuginfo
not-installed"mtpfs-debugsource
not-installed"mtr
not-installed"mtr-gtk
not-installed"mtree
not-installed"mtx
not-installed"muffin
not-installed"muffin-devel
not-installed"muffin-lang
installed"multimedia
not-installed"multipath-tools
not-installed"multipath-tools
not-installed"multipath-tools-devel
not-installed"multitail
not-installed"mumble
not-installed"mumble-32bit
not-installed"mumble-server
not-installed"munge
not-installed"munge-devel
not-installed"munge-devel-32bit
not-installed"munin
not-installed"munin-node
not-installed"muparser-devel
not-installed"muparser-devel-32bit
not-installed"mupdf
not-installed"mupdf
not-installed"mupdf-devel-static
not-installed"mupen64plus
not-installed"mupen64plus-debugsource
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-audio-sdl
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-audio-sdl-debuginfo
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-input-sdl
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-input-sdl-debuginfo
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-rsp-hle
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-rsp-hle-debuginfo
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-video-glide64mk2
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-video-glide64mk2-debuginfo
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-video-rice
not-installed"mupen64plus-plugin-video-rice-debuginfo
not-installed"mupen64plus-ui-console
not-installed"mupen64plus-ui-console-debuginfo
not-installed"muroar
not-installed"muroar
not-installed"muroar-debuginfo
not-installed"muroar-debugsource
not-installed"muroar-devel
not-installed"muroard
not-installed"muroard
not-installed"muroard-debuginfo
not-installed"muroard-debugsource
not-installed"muroard-devel
not-installed"mutt
not-installed"mutt-doc
not-installed"mutt-lang
not-installed"mutter
not-installed"mutter-data
not-installed"mutter-devel
not-installed"mutter-lang
not-installed"mvapich2
not-installed"mvapich2
not-installed"mvapich2-devel
not-installed"mvapich2-devel-static
not-installed"mvapich2-psm
not-installed"mvapich2-psm
not-installed"mvapich2-psm-devel
not-installed"mvapich2-psm-devel-static
not-installed"mvapich2-psm2
not-installed"mvapich2-psm2
not-installed"mvapich2-psm2-devel
not-installed"mvapich2-psm2-devel-static
not-installed"mvapich2-testsuite
not-installed"mx4j
not-installed"mxml
not-installed"mxml-devel
not-installed"mybashburn
not-installed"mybashburn
not-installed"mylvmbackup
not-installed"myspell-af_NA
not-installed"myspell-af_ZA
not-installed"myspell-an
not-installed"myspell-an_ES
not-installed"myspell-ar
not-installed"myspell-ar_AE
not-installed"myspell-ar_BH
not-installed"myspell-ar_DZ
not-installed"myspell-ar_EG
not-installed"myspell-ar_IQ
not-installed"myspell-ar_JO
not-installed"myspell-ar_KW
not-installed"myspell-ar_LB
not-installed"myspell-ar_LY
not-installed"myspell-ar_MA
not-installed"myspell-ar_OM
not-installed"myspell-ar_QA
not-installed"myspell-ar_SA
not-installed"myspell-ar_SD
not-installed"myspell-ar_SY
not-installed"myspell-ar_TN
not-installed"myspell-ar_YE
not-installed"myspell-be_BY
not-installed"myspell-bg_BG
not-installed"myspell-bn_BD
not-installed"myspell-bn_IN
not-installed"myspell-bo
not-installed"myspell-bo_CN
not-installed"myspell-bo_IN
not-installed"myspell-br_FR
not-installed"myspell-bs
not-installed"myspell-bs_BA
not-installed"myspell-ca
not-installed"myspell-ca_AD
not-installed"myspell-ca_ES
not-installed"myspell-ca_ES_valencia
not-installed"myspell-ca_FR
not-installed"myspell-ca_IT
not-installed"myspell-cs_CZ
not-installed"myspell-da_DK
not-installed"myspell-de
not-installed"myspell-de_AT
not-installed"myspell-de_CH
not-installed"myspell-de_DE
installed"myspell-dictionaries
not-installed"myspell-dictionaries
not-installed"myspell-el_GR
installed"myspell-en
not-installed"myspell-en_AU
not-installed"myspell-en_BS
not-installed"myspell-en_BZ
not-installed"myspell-en_CA
not-installed"myspell-en_GB
not-installed"myspell-en_GH
not-installed"myspell-en_IE
not-installed"myspell-en_IN
not-installed"myspell-en_JM
not-installed"myspell-en_MW
not-installed"myspell-en_NA
not-installed"myspell-en_NZ
not-installed"myspell-en_PH
not-installed"myspell-en_TT
installed"myspell-en_US
not-installed"myspell-en_ZA
not-installed"myspell-en_ZW
not-installed"myspell-es
not-installed"myspell-es_AR
not-installed"myspell-es_BO
not-installed"myspell-es_CL
not-installed"myspell-es_CO
not-installed"myspell-es_CR
not-installed"myspell-es_CU
not-installed"myspell-es_DO
not-installed"myspell-es_EC
not-installed"myspell-es_ES
not-installed"myspell-es_GT
not-installed"myspell-es_HN
not-installed"myspell-es_MX
not-installed"myspell-es_NI
not-installed"myspell-es_PA
not-installed"myspell-es_PE
not-installed"myspell-es_PR
not-installed"myspell-es_PY
not-installed"myspell-es_SV
not-installed"myspell-es_UY
not-installed"myspell-es_VE
not-installed"myspell-et_EE
not-installed"myspell-fr_BE
not-installed"myspell-fr_CA
not-installed"myspell-fr_CH
not-installed"myspell-fr_FR
not-installed"myspell-fr_LU
not-installed"myspell-fr_MC
not-installed"myspell-gd_GB
not-installed"myspell-german-old
not-installed"myspell-gl
not-installed"myspell-gl_ES
not-installed"myspell-gu_IN
not-installed"myspell-gug
not-installed"myspell-gug_PY
not-installed"myspell-he_IL
not-installed"myspell-hi_IN
not-installed"myspell-hr_HR
not-installed"myspell-hu_HU
not-installed"myspell-is
not-installed"myspell-is_IS
not-installed"myspell-it_IT
not-installed"myspell-kmr_Latn
not-installed"myspell-kmr_Latn_SY
not-installed"myspell-kmr_Latn_TR
installed"myspell-lightproof-en
not-installed"myspell-lightproof-hu_HU
not-installed"myspell-lightproof-pt_BR
not-installed"myspell-lightproof-ru_RU
not-installed"myspell-lo_LA
not-installed"myspell-lt_LT
not-installed"myspell-lv_LV
not-installed"myspell-nb_NO
not-installed"myspell-ne_NP
not-installed"myspell-nl_BE
not-installed"myspell-nl_NL
not-installed"myspell-nn_NO
not-installed"myspell-no
not-installed"myspell-oc_FR
not-installed"myspell-pl_PL
not-installed"myspell-pt_AO
not-installed"myspell-pt_BR
not-installed"myspell-pt_PT
not-installed"myspell-ro
not-installed"myspell-ro_RO
not-installed"myspell-ru_RU
not-installed"myspell-si_LK
not-installed"myspell-sk_SK
not-installed"myspell-sl_SI
not-installed"myspell-sq_AL
not-installed"myspell-sr
not-installed"myspell-sr_CS
not-installed"myspell-sr_Latn_CS
not-installed"myspell-sr_Latn_RS
not-installed"myspell-sr_RS
not-installed"myspell-sv_FI
not-installed"myspell-sv_SE
not-installed"myspell-sw_TZ
not-installed"myspell-te
not-installed"myspell-te_IN
not-installed"myspell-th_TH
not-installed"myspell-uk_UA
not-installed"myspell-vi
not-installed"myspell-vi_VN
not-installed"myspell-zu_ZA
not-installed"mysql-community-server
not-installed"mysql-community-server
not-installed"mysql-community-server-bench
not-installed"mysql-community-server-client
not-installed"mysql-community-server-errormessages
not-installed"mysql-community-server-test
not-installed"mysql-community-server-tools
not-installed"mysql-connector-cpp
not-installed"mysql-connector-java
not-installed"mysql-connector-java
not-installed"mysql-workbench
not-installed"mytharchive
not-installed"mytharchive-0_27
not-installed"mytharchive-debuginfo
not-installed"mythbrowser
not-installed"mythbrowser-0_27
not-installed"mythbrowser-debuginfo
not-installed"mythes-devel
not-installed"mythgallery
not-installed"mythgallery-0_27
not-installed"mythgallery-debuginfo
not-installed"mythgame
not-installed"mythgame-0_27
not-installed"mythgame-debuginfo
not-installed"mythmusic
not-installed"mythmusic-0_27
not-installed"mythmusic-debuginfo
not-installed"mythnetvision
not-installed"mythnetvision-0_27
not-installed"mythnetvision-0_27-debuginfo
not-installed"mythnetvision-debuginfo
not-installed"mythnews
not-installed"mythnews-0_27
not-installed"mythnews-0_27-debuginfo
not-installed"mythnews-debuginfo
not-installed"mythtv
not-installed"mythtv-0_27
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-backend
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-base-themes
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-common
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-common-debuginfo
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-debugsource
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-docs
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-frontend
not-installed"mythtv-0_27-setup
not-installed"mythtv-backend
not-installed"mythtv-backend-debuginfo
not-installed"mythtv-base-themes
not-installed"mythtv-common
not-installed"mythtv-common-debuginfo
not-installed"mythtv-debugsource
not-installed"mythtv-devel
not-installed"mythtv-docs
not-installed"mythtv-frontend
not-installed"mythtv-frontend-debuginfo
not-installed"mythtv-setup
not-installed"mythtv-setup-debuginfo
not-installed"mythweather
not-installed"mythweather-0_27
not-installed"mythweather-debuginfo
not-installed"mythweb
not-installed"mythweb
not-installed"mythzoneminder
not-installed"mythzoneminder-0_27
not-installed"mythzoneminder-debuginfo
not-installed"mytop
not-installed"naev
not-installed"naev-data
not-installed"nagios
not-installed"nagios-devel
not-installed"nagios-rpm-macros
not-installed"nagios-www
not-installed"nagios-www-dch
not-installed"nagstamon
not-installed"nagvis
not-installed"nagvis-demos
not-installed"namazu
not-installed"namazu-cgi
not-installed"namazu-devel
not-installed"namdhinggo-fonts
installed"nano
installed"nano-lang
not-installed"nano-plugin-conky
not-installed"nanoxml
not-installed"nanoxml-javadoc
not-installed"nanoxml-lite
not-installed"nanoxml-manual
not-installed"nanoxml-manual-lite
not-installed"nant
not-installed"nant-devel
not-installed"nanum-fonts
not-installed"nanum-gothic-coding-fonts
not-installed"nasm
not-installed"nasm
not-installed"nasm-doc
not-installed"nast
not-installed"nautilus
not-installed"nautilus-actions
not-installed"nautilus-actions-devel
not-installed"nautilus-actions-lang
not-installed"nautilus-deja-dup
not-installed"nautilus-devel
not-installed"nautilus-eiciel
not-installed"nautilus-evince
not-installed"nautilus-extension-dropbox
not-installed"nautilus-extension-folder-color
not-installed"nautilus-extension-nextcloud
not-installed"nautilus-extension-nitroshare
not-installed"nautilus-extension-seahorse
not-installed"nautilus-extension-terminal
not-installed"nautilus-extension-tracker-tags
not-installed"nautilus-file-roller
not-installed"nautilus-image-converter
not-installed"nautilus-image-converter-lang
not-installed"nautilus-lang
not-installed"nautilus-plugin-easytag
not-installed"nautilus-search-tool
not-installed"nautilus-search-tool-lang
not-installed"nautilus-sendto
not-installed"nautilus-sendto-lang
not-installed"nautilus-share
not-installed"nautilus-share-lang
not-installed"nautilus-terminal
not-installed"nautilus-totem
not-installed"nbd
not-installed"nbd-doc
not-installed"ncat
not-installed"ncdc
not-installed"ncdc
not-installed"ncdc-debuginfo
not-installed"ncdc-debugsource
not-installed"ncdu
not-installed"ncftp
not-installed"ncmpc
not-installed"ncmpc
not-installed"ncmpc-debuginfo
not-installed"ncmpc-debugsource
not-installed"ncmpc-lang
not-installed"ncmpcpp
not-installed"ncmpcpp
not-installed"ncmpcpp-debuginfo
not-installed"ncmpcpp-debugsource
not-installed"ncompress
not-installed"ncurses
installed"ncurses-devel
not-installed"ncurses-devel-32bit
installed"ncurses-utils
not-installed"ndctl
not-installed"ndesk-dbus
not-installed"ndesk-dbus-glib
not-installed"ndesk-dbus-glib-devel
not-installed"ndiff
not-installed"ndiswrapper
not-installed"ndiswrapper
not-installed"ndiswrapper-kmp-default
not-installed"neard
not-installed"neard-devel
not-installed"neard-test
not-installed"neko
not-installed"neko-devel
not-installed"neko-mysql
not-installed"nemiver
not-installed"nemiver-devel
not-installed"nemiver-lang
not-installed"nemo
not-installed"nemo-devel
not-installed"nemo-extension-audio-tab
not-installed"nemo-extension-compare
not-installed"nemo-extension-compare-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-dropbox
not-installed"nemo-extension-emblems
not-installed"nemo-extension-emblems-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-fileroller
not-installed"nemo-extension-gtkhash
not-installed"nemo-extension-gtkhash-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-image-converter
not-installed"nemo-extension-image-converter-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-nextcloud
not-installed"nemo-extension-nitroshare
not-installed"nemo-extension-pastebin
not-installed"nemo-extension-pastebin-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-preview
not-installed"nemo-extension-preview-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-rabbitvcs
not-installed"nemo-extension-repairer
not-installed"nemo-extension-repairer-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-seahorse
not-installed"nemo-extension-seahorse-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-share
not-installed"nemo-extension-share-lang
not-installed"nemo-extension-terminal
not-installed"nemo-extension-xreader
installed"neofetch
not-installed"neovim
not-installed"neovim
not-installed"neovim-lang
not-installed"nero-aac
not-installed"nested
not-installed"net-snmp
not-installed"net-snmp-devel
not-installed"net-snmp-devel-32bit
not-installed"net-snmp-python
installed"net-tools
not-installed"net6
not-installed"net6-devel
not-installed"net6-lang
not-installed"netacct
not-installed"netatalk
not-installed"netatalk-devel
not-installed"netbeans-javaparser
not-installed"netbeans-resolver
not-installed"netbeans-svnclientadapter
installed"netcat-openbsd
not-installed"netcat-openbsd
not-installed"netcdf
not-installed"netcdf-cxx4-tools
not-installed"netcdf-devel
not-installed"netcdf-devel-data
not-installed"netcdf-devel-static
not-installed"netceiver-tools
not-installed"netceiver-tools-debuginfo
installed"netcfg
not-installed"netcomponents
not-installed"netcomponents-javadoc
not-installed"netconsole-tools
not-installed"netdata
not-installed"netdate
not-installed"netgen
not-installed"netgen
not-installed"netgen-debuginfo
not-installed"netgen-debugsource
not-installed"netgen-devel
not-installed"nethogs
not-installed"netlabel-tools
installed"netpbm
not-installed"netperf
not-installed"netsurf-buildsystem
not-installed"nettle
not-installed"network-autoconfig
not-installed"network_admin
not-installed"neverball
not-installed"neverball-doc
not-installed"neverball-mapc
not-installed"neverball-neverputt
not-installed"newsbeuter
not-installed"newsbeuter
not-installed"newsbeuter-lang
not-installed"newt
not-installed"newt-devel
not-installed"newt-doc
not-installed"newt-static
not-installed"newtonsoft-json
not-installed"newtonsoft-json-devel
not-installed"nextcloud
not-installed"nextcloud
not-installed"nextcloud-client
not-installed"nextcloud-client
not-installed"nextcloud-client-doc
not-installed"nextcloud-client-dolphin
not-installed"nextcloud-client-lang
not-installed"nf3d
not-installed"nfacct
not-installed"nfc-eventd
not-installed"nfcutils
not-installed"nfoview
not-installed"nfoview-lang
installed"nfs-client
not-installed"nfs-doc
not-installed"nfs-kernel-server
not-installed"nfs4-acl-tools
installed"nfsidmap
not-installed"nfsidmap-devel
not-installed"nfswatch
not-installed"nftables
not-installed"nghttp2
not-installed"nghttp2-doc
not-installed"nginx
not-installed"ngrep
not-installed"nh2ps
not-installed"nicotine-plus
not-installed"nicotine-plus
not-installed"nicotine-plus-debuginfo
not-installed"nicotine-plus-debugsource
not-installed"nilfs-utils
not-installed"nilfs-utils-devel
not-installed"nim
not-installed"nimbus-icon-theme
not-installed"nini
not-installed"ninja
not-installed"ninja
not-installed"ninja-ide
not-installed"nip2
not-installed"nip2
not-installed"nitrogen
not-installed"nitroshare
not-installed"nkf
not-installed"nload
not-installed"nlopt-devel
not-installed"nmap
not-installed"nmapsi4
not-installed"nmapsi4
not-installed"nmapsi4-debuginfo
not-installed"nmapsi4-debugsource
not-installed"nmcli-dmenu
not-installed"nmh
not-installed"nml
not-installed"nmon
not-installed"no-more-secrets
installed"nodejs-common
not-installed"nodejs-common
not-installed"nodejs-packaging
not-installed"nodejs4
not-installed"nodejs4
not-installed"nodejs4-devel
not-installed"nodejs4-docs
installed"nodejs6
not-installed"nodejs6
installed"nodejs6-devel
not-installed"nodejs6-docs
not-installed"noise
not-installed"noise-devel
not-installed"noise-lang
not-installed"nomacs
not-installed"non-ntk
not-installed"non-ntk-devel
not-installed"non-ntk-fluid
not-installed"non_oss
not-installed"noping
not-installed"nordlicht
not-installed"nordlicht
not-installed"nordlicht-debuginfo
not-installed"nordlicht-debugsource
not-installed"nordlicht-devel
installed"normalize
not-installed"normalize
not-installed"normalize-debuginfo
not-installed"normalize-debugsource
not-installed"notepadqq
installed"notification-daemon
installed"notification-daemon-lang
not-installed"notify-osd
not-installed"notify-osd-config
not-installed"notify-sharp
not-installed"notify-sharp-devel
not-installed"notify-sharp3
not-installed"notify-sharp3-devel
not-installed"notmuch
not-installed"notmuch-devel
not-installed"notmuch-emacs
installed"noto-coloremoji-fonts
installed"noto-emoji-fonts
not-installed"noto-kufiarabic-fonts
not-installed"noto-naskharabic-fonts
not-installed"noto-nastaliqurdu-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-armenian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-avestan-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-balinese-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-bamum-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-batak-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-bengali-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-brahmi-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-buginese-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-buhid-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-canadianaboriginal-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-carian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-cham-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-cherokee-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-cjk-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-coptic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-cypriot-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-deseret-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-devanagari-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-egyptianhieroglyphs-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts
installed"noto-sans-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-georgian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-gothic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-gujarati-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-hebrew-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-imperialaramaic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-inscriptionalpahlavi-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-inscriptionalparthian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-javanese-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-kaithi-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-kannada-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-kayahli-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-khmer-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-lao-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-lepcha-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-limbu-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-linearb-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-lisu-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-lycian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-lydian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-malayalam-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-mandaic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-meeteimayek-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-mongolian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-myanmar-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-newtailue-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-nko-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-ogham-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-olchiki-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-olditalic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-oldpersian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-oldsoutharabian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-oldturkic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-oriya-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-osmanya-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-phagspa-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-phoenician-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-rejang-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-runic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-samaritan-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-shavian-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-sinhala-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-sundanese-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-sylotinagri-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-symbols-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-syriaceastern-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-syriacestrangela-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-syriacwestern-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-tagalog-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-taile-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-taitham-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-taiviet-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-tamil-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-telugu-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-thaana-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-thai-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-tibetan-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-vai-fonts
not-installed"noto-sans-yi-fonts
not-installed"noto-serif-armenian-fonts
not-installed"noto-serif-fonts
not-installed"noto-serif-georgian-fonts
not-installed"noto-serif-khmer-fonts
not-installed"noto-serif-lao-fonts
not-installed"noto-serif-thai-fonts
not-installed"novell-ipsec-tools
not-installed"novell-ipsec-tools-devel
not-installed"novell-nortelplugins
not-installed"novell-sound-theme
not-installed"novnc
not-installed"novprog
not-installed"npapi-sdk
not-installed"npapi-vlc
not-installed"npapi-vlc
not-installed"npapi-vlc-beta
not-installed"npapi-vlc-beta
not-installed"npapi-vlc-beta-debuginfo
not-installed"npapi-vlc-beta-debugsource
not-installed"npapi-vlc-debuginfo
not-installed"npapi-vlc-debugsource
not-installed"nping
not-installed"npm4
installed"npm6
not-installed"npth-devel
not-installed"nrpe
not-installed"nrpe-doc
not-installed"nsca
not-installed"nsca-client
installed"nscd
not-installed"nspluginwrapper
installed"nss-mdns
installed"nss-mdns-32bit
not-installed"nss-myhostname
not-installed"nss-myhostname-32bit
not-installed"nss-mymachines
not-installed"nss-pam-ldapd
not-installed"nss-pam-ldapd-32bit
not-installed"nss-shared-helper-devel
not-installed"nss_ldap
not-installed"nss_ldap-32bit
not-installed"nss_wrapper
installed"ntfs-3g
installed"ntfsprogs
not-installed"ntl-devel
installed"ntp
not-installed"ntp-doc
not-installed"nudoku
not-installed"nulloy
not-installed"nulloy-gstreamer
not-installed"nulloy-phonon
not-installed"nulloy-taglib
not-installed"nulloy-vlc
installed"numactl
not-installed"numad
not-installed"numatop
installed"numlockx
not-installed"nunit
not-installed"nunit-devel
not-installed"nuosu-fonts
not-installed"nuoveXT2-icon-theme
not-installed"nut
not-installed"nut
not-installed"nut-cgi
not-installed"nut-devel
not-installed"nut-doc-asciidoc
not-installed"nut-doc-images
not-installed"nut-drivers-net
not-installed"nvdock
not-installed"nvidia-texture-tools
not-installed"nvme-cli
not-installed"nvme-cli
not-installed"nvmetcli
not-installed"nvmetcli
not-installed"nvml
not-installed"nvml-tools
not-installed"nvptx-tools
not-installed"nvptx-tools
not-installed"nxtvepg
not-installed"oaml-devel
not-installed"obby
not-installed"obby-devel
not-installed"obby-lang
not-installed"obconf
not-installed"obconf-qt
not-installed"obconf-qt-lang
not-installed"obex-data-server
not-installed"obexfs
not-installed"obexftp
not-installed"obexftp-devel
not-installed"objectweb-anttask
not-installed"objectweb-asm
not-installed"obs-service-appimage
not-installed"obs-service-download_files
not-installed"obs-service-download_url
not-installed"obs-service-extract_file
not-installed"obs-service-format_spec_file
not-installed"obs-service-obs_scm
not-installed"obs-service-obs_scm-common
not-installed"obs-service-recompress
not-installed"obs-service-refresh_patches
not-installed"obs-service-set_version
not-installed"obs-service-set_version
not-installed"obs-service-snapcraft
not-installed"obs-service-source_validator
not-installed"obs-service-source_validator
not-installed"obs-service-tar
not-installed"obs-service-tar_scm
not-installed"obs-service-verify_file
not-installed"obs-studio
not-installed"obs-studio
not-installed"obs-studio-debuginfo
not-installed"obs-studio-debugsource
not-installed"obs-studio-devel
not-installed"ocaml
not-installed"ocaml-brlapi
not-installed"ocaml-calendar
not-installed"ocaml-calendar-devel
not-installed"ocaml-camlp4
not-installed"ocaml-camlp4-devel
not-installed"ocaml-camomile
not-installed"ocaml-camomile-data
not-installed"ocaml-camomile-devel
not-installed"ocaml-compiler-libs
not-installed"ocaml-compiler-libs-devel
not-installed"ocaml-cppo
not-installed"ocaml-cppo-devel
not-installed"ocaml-csv
not-installed"ocaml-csv-devel
not-installed"ocaml-curses
not-installed"ocaml-curses-devel
not-installed"ocaml-docs
not-installed"ocaml-easy-format
not-installed"ocaml-easy-format-devel
not-installed"ocaml-emacs
not-installed"ocaml-extlib
not-installed"ocaml-extlib-devel
not-installed"ocaml-facile
not-installed"ocaml-facile-devel
not-installed"ocaml-fileutils
not-installed"ocaml-fileutils-devel
not-installed"ocaml-findlib
not-installed"ocaml-findlib-camlp4
not-installed"ocaml-findlib-devel
not-installed"ocaml-gettext
not-installed"ocaml-gettext-camomile
not-installed"ocaml-gettext-camomile-devel
not-installed"ocaml-gettext-devel
not-installed"ocaml-gettext-stub
not-installed"ocaml-gettext-stub-devel
not-installed"ocaml-lablgl
not-installed"ocaml-lablgl-devel
not-installed"ocaml-lablgtk2
not-installed"ocaml-lablgtk2-devel
not-installed"ocaml-labltk
not-installed"ocaml-labltk-devel
not-installed"ocaml-libguestfs
not-installed"ocaml-libguestfs-devel
not-installed"ocaml-libvirt
not-installed"ocaml-libvirt-devel
not-installed"ocaml-menhir
not-installed"ocaml-menhir-devel
not-installed"ocaml-oasis
not-installed"ocaml-oasis-devel
not-installed"ocaml-ocamlbuild
not-installed"ocaml-ocamlbuild-devel
not-installed"ocaml-ocamldoc
not-installed"ocaml-odn
not-installed"ocaml-odn-devel
not-installed"ocaml-ounit
not-installed"ocaml-ounit-devel
not-installed"ocaml-parmap
not-installed"ocaml-parmap-devel
not-installed"ocaml-pcre
not-installed"ocaml-pcre-devel
not-installed"ocaml-rpm-macros
not-installed"ocaml-runtime
not-installed"ocaml-source
not-installed"ocaml-type-conv
not-installed"ocaml-type-conv-devel
not-installed"ocaml-x11
not-installed"ocaml-xml-light
not-installed"ocaml-xml-light-devel
not-installed"ocamlify
not-installed"ocamlmod
not-installed"oce
not-installed"oce
not-installed"oce-DRAWEXE
not-installed"oce-DRAWEXE-debuginfo
not-installed"oce-debuginfo
not-installed"oce-debugsource
not-installed"oce-devel
not-installed"ocfs2-tools
not-installed"ocfs2-tools-devel
not-installed"ocfs2-tools-devel-static
not-installed"ocfs2-tools-o2cb
not-installed"ocfs2console
not-installed"ocl-icd-devel
not-installed"oclock
not-installed"ocp
not-installed"ocp
not-installed"ocp-debuginfo
not-installed"ocp-debugsource
not-installed"ocrad
not-installed"ocrad-devel
not-installed"ocserv
not-installed"octave
not-installed"octave-cli
not-installed"octave-devel
not-installed"octave-doc
not-installed"octave-forge-cgi
not-installed"octave-forge-communications
not-installed"octave-forge-control
not-installed"octave-forge-data-smoothing
not-installed"octave-forge-database
not-installed"octave-forge-dataframe
not-installed"octave-forge-divand
not-installed"octave-forge-doctest
not-installed"octave-forge-econometrics
not-installed"octave-forge-financial
not-installed"octave-forge-fits
not-installed"octave-forge-fl-core
not-installed"octave-forge-fpl
not-installed"octave-forge-fuzzy-logic-toolkit
not-installed"octave-forge-ga
not-installed"octave-forge-general
not-installed"octave-forge-generate_html
not-installed"octave-forge-geometry
not-installed"octave-forge-image
not-installed"octave-forge-image-acquisition
not-installed"octave-forge-interval
not-installed"octave-forge-io
not-installed"octave-forge-level-set
not-installed"octave-forge-linear-algebra
not-installed"octave-forge-lssa
not-installed"octave-forge-ltfat
not-installed"octave-forge-mapping
not-installed"octave-forge-mechanics
not-installed"octave-forge-miscellaneous
not-installed"octave-forge-msh
not-installed"octave-forge-mvn
not-installed"octave-forge-nan
not-installed"octave-forge-ncarray
not-installed"octave-forge-netcdf
not-installed"octave-forge-nurbs
not-installed"octave-forge-ocs
not-installed"octave-forge-octclip
not-installed"octave-forge-octproj
not-installed"octave-forge-odepkg
not-installed"octave-forge-optics
not-installed"octave-forge-optim
not-installed"octave-forge-parallel
not-installed"octave-forge-quaternion
not-installed"octave-forge-queueing
not-installed"octave-forge-secs1d
not-installed"octave-forge-secs2d
not-installed"octave-forge-secs3d
not-installed"octave-forge-signal
not-installed"octave-forge-sockets
not-installed"octave-forge-specfun
not-installed"octave-forge-splines
not-installed"octave-forge-statistics
not-installed"octave-forge-stk
not-installed"octave-forge-strings
not-installed"octave-forge-struct
not-installed"octave-forge-symbolic
not-installed"octave-forge-tisean
not-installed"octave-forge-tsa
not-installed"octave-forge-vrml
not-installed"octave-mathgl
not-installed"ode-devel
not-installed"odp-devel
not-installed"odp-example
not-installed"odp-libs
installed"odt2txt
not-installed"odvr
not-installed"odvr
not-installed"odvr-debuginfo
not-installed"odvr-debugsource
installed"office
not-installed"offlineimap
not-installed"offlineimap-htmldoc
not-installed"ofl
not-installed"ofono
not-installed"ofono-devel
not-installed"ofono-tests
not-installed"oggfwd
not-installed"oggfwd
not-installed"oggfwd-debuginfo
not-installed"oggvideotools
not-installed"oggvideotools
not-installed"oggvideotools-debuginfo
not-installed"oggvideotools-debugsource
not-installed"oggz-tools
not-installed"ogmrip
not-installed"ogmrip
not-installed"ogmrip-ac3
not-installed"ogmrip-ac3
not-installed"ogmrip-ac3-debuginfo
not-installed"ogmrip-ac3-debugsource
not-installed"ogmrip-ac3-lang
not-installed"ogmrip-debuginfo
not-installed"ogmrip-debugsource
not-installed"ogmrip-dirac
not-installed"ogmrip-dirac
not-installed"ogmrip-dirac-debuginfo
not-installed"ogmrip-dirac-debugsource
not-installed"ogmrip-dirac-lang
not-installed"ogmrip-flac
not-installed"ogmrip-flac
not-installed"ogmrip-flac-debuginfo
not-installed"ogmrip-flac-debugsource
not-installed"ogmrip-lang
not-installed"ogmrip-mpeg
not-installed"ogmrip-mpeg
not-installed"ogmrip-mpeg-debuginfo
not-installed"ogmrip-mpeg-debugsource
not-installed"ogmrip-nero-aac
not-installed"ogmrip-nero-aac
not-installed"ogmrip-nero-aac-lang
not-installed"ogmrip-oggz
not-installed"ogmrip-oggz
not-installed"ogmrip-oggz-debuginfo
not-installed"ogmrip-oggz-debugsource
not-installed"ogmrip-oggz-lang
not-installed"ogmrip-profiles
not-installed"ogmrip-profiles
not-installed"ogmrip-video-copy
not-installed"ogmrip-video-copy
not-installed"ogmrip-video-copy-debuginfo
not-installed"ogmrip-video-copy-debugsource
not-installed"ogmtools
not-installed"ohcount
not-installed"oidentd
not-installed"oidentd
not-installed"okteta
not-installed"okteta-devel
not-installed"okteta-lang
installed"okular
not-installed"okular
not-installed"okular-devel
installed"okular-lang
not-installed"oneko
not-installed"oniguruma-devel
not-installed"onscripter
not-installed"onscripter
not-installed"onscripter-debuginfo
not-installed"onscripter-debugsource
not-installed"ooRexx
not-installed"ooRexx-devel
not-installed"opa-address-resolution-devel
not-installed"opa-basic-tools
not-installed"opa-fastfabric
not-installed"opa-fm
installed"open-iscsi
not-installed"open-iscsi
not-installed"open-isns
not-installed"open-isns-devel
not-installed"open-lldp
not-installed"open-lldp-devel
not-installed"open-vm-tools
not-installed"open-vm-tools
not-installed"open-vm-tools-desktop
not-installed"openCOLLADA-devel
not-installed"openCOLLADA-doc
not-installed"openCOLLADA-utils
not-installed"openCryptoki
not-installed"openCryptoki-64bit
not-installed"openCryptoki-devel
not-installed"openQA
not-installed"openQA-client
not-installed"openQA-common
not-installed"openQA-doc
not-installed"openQA-worker
installed"openSUSE
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1000
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1001
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1002
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1003
installed"openSUSE-2017-1004
installed"openSUSE-2017-1005
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1008
installed"openSUSE-2017-1009
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1010
installed"openSUSE-2017-1011
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1012
installed"openSUSE-2017-1013
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1014
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1016
installed"openSUSE-2017-1017
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1020
installed"openSUSE-2017-1021
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1023
installed"openSUSE-2017-1024
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1025
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1026
installed"openSUSE-2017-1027
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1028
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1029
installed"openSUSE-2017-1030
installed"openSUSE-2017-1032
installed"openSUSE-2017-1033
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1034
installed"openSUSE-2017-1035
installed"openSUSE-2017-1036
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1037
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1039
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1040
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1041
installed"openSUSE-2017-1042
installed"openSUSE-2017-1044
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1046
installed"openSUSE-2017-1047
installed"openSUSE-2017-1048
installed"openSUSE-2017-1049
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1050
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1051
installed"openSUSE-2017-1052
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1053
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1054
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1055
installed"openSUSE-2017-1056
installed"openSUSE-2017-1058
installed"openSUSE-2017-1060
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1061
installed"openSUSE-2017-1063
installed"openSUSE-2017-1064
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1065
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1066
installed"openSUSE-2017-1067
installed"openSUSE-2017-1069
installed"openSUSE-2017-1070
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1071
installed"openSUSE-2017-1072
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1073
installed"openSUSE-2017-1076
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1077
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1078
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1079
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1082
installed"openSUSE-2017-1083
installed"openSUSE-2017-1084
installed"openSUSE-2017-1085
installed"openSUSE-2017-1086
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1087
installed"openSUSE-2017-1088
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1089
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1092
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1093
installed"openSUSE-2017-1094
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1095
installed"openSUSE-2017-1096
installed"openSUSE-2017-1097
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1098
installed"openSUSE-2017-1100
installed"openSUSE-2017-1102
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1103
installed"openSUSE-2017-1105
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1106
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1107
installed"openSUSE-2017-1108
installed"openSUSE-2017-1109
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1110
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1111
installed"openSUSE-2017-1112
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1113
installed"openSUSE-2017-1114
installed"openSUSE-2017-1115
installed"openSUSE-2017-1116
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1117
installed"openSUSE-2017-1118
installed"openSUSE-2017-1119
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1120
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1121
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1125
installed"openSUSE-2017-1126
installed"openSUSE-2017-1127
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1128
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1129
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1132
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1135
installed"openSUSE-2017-1136
installed"openSUSE-2017-1137
installed"openSUSE-2017-1138
installed"openSUSE-2017-1139
installed"openSUSE-2017-1140
installed"openSUSE-2017-1142
installed"openSUSE-2017-1143
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1144
installed"openSUSE-2017-1145
installed"openSUSE-2017-1147
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1148
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1150
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1151
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1153
installed"openSUSE-2017-1154
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1155
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1156
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1157
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1158
installed"openSUSE-2017-1160
installed"openSUSE-2017-1162
installed"openSUSE-2017-1163
installed"openSUSE-2017-1165
installed"openSUSE-2017-1166
installed"openSUSE-2017-1168
installed"openSUSE-2017-1169
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1170
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1171
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1173
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1174
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1175
installed"openSUSE-2017-1176
installed"openSUSE-2017-1177
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1178
installed"openSUSE-2017-1179
installed"openSUSE-2017-1180
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1181
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1182
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1186
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1187
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1189
installed"openSUSE-2017-1193
installed"openSUSE-2017-1194
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1196
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1197
installed"openSUSE-2017-1198
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1199
installed"openSUSE-2017-1200
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1201
installed"openSUSE-2017-1202
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1204
installed"openSUSE-2017-1205
installed"openSUSE-2017-1207
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1208
installed"openSUSE-2017-1210
installed"openSUSE-2017-1211
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1213
installed"openSUSE-2017-1214
installed"openSUSE-2017-1215
installed"openSUSE-2017-1217
installed"openSUSE-2017-1218
installed"openSUSE-2017-1220
installed"openSUSE-2017-1221
installed"openSUSE-2017-1222
installed"openSUSE-2017-1223
installed"openSUSE-2017-1225
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1236
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1237
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1238
installed"openSUSE-2017-1242
installed"openSUSE-2017-1243
installed"openSUSE-2017-1246
installed"openSUSE-2017-1247
installed"openSUSE-2017-1248
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1250
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1251
installed"openSUSE-2017-1252
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1258
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1259
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1260
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1261
installed"openSUSE-2017-1262
installed"openSUSE-2017-1265
installed"openSUSE-2017-1266
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1267
installed"openSUSE-2017-1268
installed"openSUSE-2017-1269
installed"openSUSE-2017-1270
installed"openSUSE-2017-1272
installed"openSUSE-2017-1273
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1274
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1275
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1276
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1277
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1278
installed"openSUSE-2017-1279
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1282
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1283
installed"openSUSE-2017-1284
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1285
installed"openSUSE-2017-1286
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1289
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1290
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1291
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1294
installed"openSUSE-2017-1295
installed"openSUSE-2017-1296
installed"openSUSE-2017-1297
installed"openSUSE-2017-1298
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1299
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1300
installed"openSUSE-2017-1302
installed"openSUSE-2017-1303
installed"openSUSE-2017-1304
installed"openSUSE-2017-1306
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1307
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1308
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1309
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1311
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1312
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1314
installed"openSUSE-2017-1316
installed"openSUSE-2017-1317
installed"openSUSE-2017-1318
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1320
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1321
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1323
installed"openSUSE-2017-1324
installed"openSUSE-2017-1325
installed"openSUSE-2017-1326
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1327
installed"openSUSE-2017-1328
installed"openSUSE-2017-1329
installed"openSUSE-2017-1330
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1331
installed"openSUSE-2017-1332
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1334
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1335
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1336
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1337
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1339
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1340
installed"openSUSE-2017-1341
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1342
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1343
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1344
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1345
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1346
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1348
installed"openSUSE-2017-1349
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1350
installed"openSUSE-2017-1351
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1353
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1354
installed"openSUSE-2017-1355
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1356
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1358
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1359
installed"openSUSE-2017-1360
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1361
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1362
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1363
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1364
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1365
installed"openSUSE-2017-1366
installed"openSUSE-2017-1368
installed"openSUSE-2017-1370
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1371
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1373
installed"openSUSE-2017-1375
installed"openSUSE-2017-1376
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1379
installed"openSUSE-2017-1380
installed"openSUSE-2017-1381
installed"openSUSE-2017-1382
installed"openSUSE-2017-1383
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1384
installed"openSUSE-2017-1385
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1386
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1387
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1388
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1389
installed"openSUSE-2017-1391
installed"openSUSE-2017-1392
installed"openSUSE-2017-1393
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1394
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1395
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1396
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1397
installed"openSUSE-2017-1398
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1400
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1401
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1402
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1403
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1408
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1409
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1410
installed"openSUSE-2017-1411
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1412
installed"openSUSE-2017-1413
installed"openSUSE-2017-1414
installed"openSUSE-2017-1415
installed"openSUSE-2017-1417
installed"openSUSE-2017-1418
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1419
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1420
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1421
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1422
installed"openSUSE-2017-1423
installed"openSUSE-2017-1425
installed"openSUSE-2017-1426
installed"openSUSE-2017-1427
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-1428
installed"openSUSE-2017-826
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-829
installed"openSUSE-2017-831
installed"openSUSE-2017-833
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-835
installed"openSUSE-2017-836
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-838
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-839
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-840
installed"openSUSE-2017-841
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-842
installed"openSUSE-2017-844
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-846
installed"openSUSE-2017-847
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-850
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-851
installed"openSUSE-2017-852
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-853
installed"openSUSE-2017-854
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-856
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-857
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-861
installed"openSUSE-2017-862
installed"openSUSE-2017-865
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-866
installed"openSUSE-2017-869
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-870
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-871
installed"openSUSE-2017-872
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-874
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-875
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-877
installed"openSUSE-2017-878
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-880
installed"openSUSE-2017-881
installed"openSUSE-2017-883
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-884
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-885
installed"openSUSE-2017-886
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-889
installed"openSUSE-2017-890
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-894
installed"openSUSE-2017-895
installed"openSUSE-2017-896
installed"openSUSE-2017-897
installed"openSUSE-2017-898
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-899
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-900
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-901
installed"openSUSE-2017-902
installed"openSUSE-2017-903
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-904
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-905
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-906
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-907
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-909
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-910
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-911
installed"openSUSE-2017-913
installed"openSUSE-2017-914
installed"openSUSE-2017-915
installed"openSUSE-2017-917
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-919
installed"openSUSE-2017-920
installed"openSUSE-2017-921
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-922
installed"openSUSE-2017-923
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-924
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-925
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-926
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-927
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-928
installed"openSUSE-2017-930
installed"openSUSE-2017-931
installed"openSUSE-2017-932
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-934
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-935
installed"openSUSE-2017-936
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-937
installed"openSUSE-2017-938
installed"openSUSE-2017-939
installed"openSUSE-2017-940
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-941
installed"openSUSE-2017-942
installed"openSUSE-2017-943
installed"openSUSE-2017-944
installed"openSUSE-2017-945
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-947
installed"openSUSE-2017-948
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-949
installed"openSUSE-2017-950
installed"openSUSE-2017-951
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-952
installed"openSUSE-2017-953
installed"openSUSE-2017-954
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-955
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-956
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-957
installed"openSUSE-2017-959
installed"openSUSE-2017-960
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-962
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-965
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-966
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-967
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-968
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-970
installed"openSUSE-2017-971
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-972
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-973
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-974
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-975
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-976
installed"openSUSE-2017-977
installed"openSUSE-2017-978
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-979
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-980
installed"openSUSE-2017-983
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-985
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-986
installed"openSUSE-2017-987
installed"openSUSE-2017-989
installed"openSUSE-2017-990
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-992
installed"openSUSE-2017-993
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-994
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-995
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-996
installed"openSUSE-2017-997
not-installed"openSUSE-2017-999
installed"openSUSE-2018-1
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-101
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-102
installed"openSUSE-2018-103
installed"openSUSE-2018-104
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-105
installed"openSUSE-2018-109
installed"openSUSE-2018-11
installed"openSUSE-2018-110
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-111
installed"openSUSE-2018-112
installed"openSUSE-2018-113
installed"openSUSE-2018-114
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-115
installed"openSUSE-2018-116
installed"openSUSE-2018-117
installed"openSUSE-2018-118
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-119
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-12
installed"openSUSE-2018-120
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-121
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-122
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-123
installed"openSUSE-2018-124
installed"openSUSE-2018-125
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-126
installed"openSUSE-2018-127
installed"openSUSE-2018-128
installed"openSUSE-2018-129
installed"openSUSE-2018-13
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-130
installed"openSUSE-2018-131
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-132
installed"openSUSE-2018-133
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-134
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-135
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-137
installed"openSUSE-2018-138
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-139
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-14
installed"openSUSE-2018-140
installed"openSUSE-2018-141
installed"openSUSE-2018-142
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-143
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-144
installed"openSUSE-2018-145
installed"openSUSE-2018-146
installed"openSUSE-2018-147
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-148
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-149
installed"openSUSE-2018-15
installed"openSUSE-2018-150
installed"openSUSE-2018-151
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-152
installed"openSUSE-2018-153
installed"openSUSE-2018-154
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-155
installed"openSUSE-2018-156
installed"openSUSE-2018-157
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-158
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-159
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-160
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-161
installed"openSUSE-2018-162
installed"openSUSE-2018-163
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-164
installed"openSUSE-2018-165
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-166
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-167
installed"openSUSE-2018-168
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-169
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-170
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-171
installed"openSUSE-2018-172
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-173
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-174
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-175
installed"openSUSE-2018-176
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-177
installed"openSUSE-2018-178
installed"openSUSE-2018-179
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-18
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-180
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-181
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-182
installed"openSUSE-2018-184
installed"openSUSE-2018-185
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-186
installed"openSUSE-2018-187
installed"openSUSE-2018-188
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-189
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-19
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-190
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-191
installed"openSUSE-2018-192
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-193
installed"openSUSE-2018-194
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-195
installed"openSUSE-2018-196
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-197
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-198
installed"openSUSE-2018-199
installed"openSUSE-2018-2
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-200
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-201
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-202
installed"openSUSE-2018-203
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-204
installed"openSUSE-2018-205
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-206
installed"openSUSE-2018-207
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-208
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-209
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-210
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-211
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-212
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-213
installed"openSUSE-2018-214
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-215
installed"openSUSE-2018-216
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-217
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-218
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-219
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-220
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-221
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-222
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-223
installed"openSUSE-2018-224
installed"openSUSE-2018-225
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-226
installed"openSUSE-2018-227
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-228
installed"openSUSE-2018-229
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-23
installed"openSUSE-2018-230
installed"openSUSE-2018-231
installed"openSUSE-2018-232
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-233
installed"openSUSE-2018-234
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-235
installed"openSUSE-2018-237
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-238
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-239
installed"openSUSE-2018-240
installed"openSUSE-2018-241
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-242
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-244
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-245
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-246
installed"openSUSE-2018-247
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-248
installed"openSUSE-2018-249
installed"openSUSE-2018-25
installed"openSUSE-2018-250
installed"openSUSE-2018-251
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-252
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-253
installed"openSUSE-2018-254
installed"openSUSE-2018-255
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-256
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-257
installed"openSUSE-2018-258
installed"openSUSE-2018-259
installed"openSUSE-2018-260
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-261
installed"openSUSE-2018-262
installed"openSUSE-2018-263
installed"openSUSE-2018-264
installed"openSUSE-2018-266
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-267
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-268
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-269
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-27
installed"openSUSE-2018-270
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-271
installed"openSUSE-2018-272
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-273
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-274
installed"openSUSE-2018-275
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-276
installed"openSUSE-2018-277
installed"openSUSE-2018-278
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-279
installed"openSUSE-2018-28
installed"openSUSE-2018-280
installed"openSUSE-2018-281
installed"openSUSE-2018-282
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-283
installed"openSUSE-2018-284
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-285
installed"openSUSE-2018-286
installed"openSUSE-2018-287
installed"openSUSE-2018-289
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-29
installed"openSUSE-2018-290
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-291
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-292
installed"openSUSE-2018-30
installed"openSUSE-2018-31
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-32
installed"openSUSE-2018-33
installed"openSUSE-2018-34
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-35
installed"openSUSE-2018-36
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-37
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-38
installed"openSUSE-2018-39
installed"openSUSE-2018-40
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-41
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-42
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-43
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-44
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-45
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-47
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-48
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-5
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-50
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-51
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-52
installed"openSUSE-2018-53
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-54
installed"openSUSE-2018-55
installed"openSUSE-2018-56
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-57
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-58
installed"openSUSE-2018-59
installed"openSUSE-2018-60
installed"openSUSE-2018-61
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-62
installed"openSUSE-2018-63
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-64
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-65
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-67
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-68
installed"openSUSE-2018-7
installed"openSUSE-2018-70
installed"openSUSE-2018-71
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-73
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-74
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-75
installed"openSUSE-2018-78
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-79
installed"openSUSE-2018-8
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-80
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-81
installed"openSUSE-2018-82
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-83
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-84
installed"openSUSE-2018-85
installed"openSUSE-2018-86
installed"openSUSE-2018-87
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-88
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-89
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-90
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-91
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-92
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-93
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-94
installed"openSUSE-2018-95
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-96
installed"openSUSE-2018-97
installed"openSUSE-2018-98
not-installed"openSUSE-2018-99
not-installed"openSUSE-Addon-NonOss
not-installed"openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release
not-installed"openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release-addon-nonoss
not-installed"openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release-ftp
not-installed"openSUSE-EULAs
not-installed"openSUSE-appdata-extra
not-installed"openSUSE-appstream-process
installed"openSUSE-build-key
installed"openSUSE-release
installed"openSUSE-release-dvd
installed"openSUSE-release-ftp
not-installed"openSUSE-xfce-icon-theme
installed"openal-soft
not-installed"openal-soft-devel
not-installed"openal-soft-devel-32bit
not-installed"openam
not-installed"openarena
not-installed"openarena-data
not-installed"openbabel
not-installed"openblas-devel
not-installed"openblas-devel-headers
not-installed"openblas-devel-static
not-installed"openbox
not-installed"openbox-adwaita-ob-theme
not-installed"openbox-devel
not-installed"openbox-gnome
not-installed"openbox-kde
not-installed"opencc
installed"opencc-data
not-installed"opencc-devel
not-installed"opencl-headers
not-installed"opencl-headers-1_2
not-installed"openclipart-png
not-installed"openclipart-svg
not-installed"openclonk
not-installed"openconnect
not-installed"openconnect
not-installed"openconnect-devel
not-installed"openconnect-doc
not-installed"openconnect-lang
not-installed"opencore-amr
not-installed"opencore-amr-debugsource
not-installed"openct
not-installed"openct-devel
not-installed"opencv
not-installed"opencv-devel
not-installed"opencv-doc
not-installed"opencv-qt5
not-installed"opencv-qt5-devel
not-installed"opencv-qt5-doc
not-installed"opendchub
not-installed"opendvdproducer
not-installed"opendvdproducer
not-installed"openexr
not-installed"openexr
not-installed"openexr-devel
not-installed"openexr-doc
not-installed"openfetion
not-installed"openfetion
not-installed"openfetion-debuginfo
not-installed"openfetion-debugsource
not-installed"openfetion-lang
not-installed"opengl-games-utils
not-installed"opengost-otf-fonts
not-installed"opengost-ttf-fonts
not-installed"openh323
not-installed"openh323-devel
not-installed"openhpi
not-installed"openhpi-clients
not-installed"openhpi-daemon
not-installed"openhpi-devel
not-installed"openhpi-subagent
not-installed"openjade
not-installed"openjade-devel
not-installed"openjpeg
not-installed"openjpeg
not-installed"openjpeg-devel
not-installed"openjpeg-devel-32bit
not-installed"openjpeg2
not-installed"openjpeg2
not-installed"openjpeg2-devel
not-installed"openldap2
not-installed"openldap2
not-installed"openldap2-back-meta
not-installed"openldap2-back-perl
not-installed"openldap2-back-sock
not-installed"openldap2-back-sql
installed"openldap2-client
not-installed"openldap2-contrib
installed"openldap2-devel
not-installed"openldap2-devel-32bit
not-installed"openldap2-devel-static
not-installed"openldap2-doc
not-installed"openldap2-ppolicy-check-password
not-installed"openlibm-devel
not-installed"openlmi
not-installed"openlmi-account
not-installed"openlmi-fan
not-installed"openlmi-hardware
not-installed"openlmi-journald
not-installed"openlmi-locale
not-installed"openlmi-logicalfile
not-installed"openlmi-networking
not-installed"openlmi-pcp
not-installed"openlmi-pegasus-compat
not-installed"openlmi-powermanagement
not-installed"openlmi-providers
not-installed"openlmi-providers-devel
not-installed"openlmi-providers-doc
not-installed"openlmi-providers-libs
not-installed"openlmi-python-base
not-installed"openlmi-python-providers
not-installed"openlmi-python-test
not-installed"openlmi-service
not-installed"openlmi-software
not-installed"openlmi-tools
not-installed"openmarkup
not-installed"openmarkup-javadoc
not-installed"openmarkup-manual
not-installed"openmcu
not-installed"openmcu-codecs
not-installed"openmpi
not-installed"openmpi
not-installed"openmpi-devel
not-installed"openmpi-devel-static
not-installed"openmpi-libs
not-installed"openmpi-libs-32bit
not-installed"openmpi-testsuite
not-installed"openmpi-testsuite
not-installed"openobex-apps
not-installed"openobex-devel
not-installed"openocd
not-installed"openocd-data
not-installed"openparamon
not-installed"openpgm-devel
not-installed"opensaml
not-installed"opensaml-bin
not-installed"opensaml-schemas
not-installed"opensc
not-installed"openscap
not-installed"openscap-content
not-installed"openscap-devel
not-installed"openscap-extra-probes
not-installed"openscap-utils
not-installed"openshot-qt
not-installed"openshot-qt
not-installed"openslide-doc
not-installed"openslide-tools
installed"openslp
not-installed"openslp-32bit
not-installed"openslp-devel
not-installed"openslp-server
not-installed"opensm
not-installed"opensm-devel
not-installed"opensm-devel-32bit
not-installed"opensm-libs3
not-installed"opensm-libs3-32bit
not-installed"opensnc
not-installed"opensnc
not-installed"opensnc-debuginfo
not-installed"opensnc-debugsource
not-installed"opensp
not-installed"opensp-devel
not-installed"opensp-doc
not-installed"openspecfun-devel
installed"openssh
not-installed"openssh
installed"openssh-askpass
not-installed"openssh-askpass-gnome
not-installed"openssh-askpass-gnome
not-installed"openssh-cavs
not-installed"openssh-fips
installed"openssh-helpers
installed"openssl
not-installed"openssl
not-installed"openssl-cavs
not-installed"openssl-doc
not-installed"openssl-engine-af_alg
not-installed"openssl-steam
not-installed"openssl_tpm_engine
not-installed"openstack-macros
not-installed"openstack-suse-macros
not-installed"openstack-suse-sudo
not-installed"openstack-tempest
not-installed"openstack-tempest-doc
not-installed"openstack-utils
not-installed"openttd
not-installed"openttd-data
not-installed"openttd-dedicated
not-installed"openttd-opengfx
not-installed"openucx-tools
not-installed"openvas-cli
not-installed"openvas-manager
not-installed"openvas-scanner
not-installed"openvas-scanner-doc
installed"openvpn
not-installed"openvpn
not-installed"openvpn-auth-pam-plugin
not-installed"openvpn-devel
not-installed"openvpn-down-root-plugin
not-installed"openvswitch
not-installed"openvswitch
not-installed"openvswitch-devel
not-installed"openvswitch-ovn-central
not-installed"openvswitch-ovn-common
not-installed"openvswitch-ovn-docker
not-installed"openvswitch-ovn-host
not-installed"openvswitch-ovn-vtep
not-installed"openvswitch-pki
not-installed"openvswitch-test
not-installed"openvswitch-vtep
not-installed"openwsman-java
not-installed"openwsman-perl
not-installed"openwsman-python
not-installed"openwsman-ruby
not-installed"openwsman-ruby-docs
not-installed"openwsman-server
not-installed"openwsman-server-plugin-ruby
not-installed"openxcom
not-installed"openxcom-doc
not-installed"opera
not-installed"opera
not-installed"opie
not-installed"opie-32bit
not-installed"oping
not-installed"opmsg
not-installed"oprofile
not-installed"oprofile-32bit
not-installed"oprofile-devel
not-installed"opt_gnome-compat
not-installed"optipng
not-installed"optipng
not-installed"opus-tools
not-installed"opusfile-devel
not-installed"orage
not-installed"orage-doc
not-installed"orage-lang
not-installed"orbit2
not-installed"orbit2-32bit
not-installed"orbit2-devel
not-installed"orbit2-doc
not-installed"orc
not-installed"orc-doc
not-installed"orca
not-installed"orca-lang
not-installed"orkhon-fonts
not-installed"oro
not-installed"oro-javadoc
not-installed"ortp
not-installed"ortp
not-installed"ortp-debuginfo
not-installed"ortp-debugsource
not-installed"ortp-devel
not-installed"os-autoinst
not-installed"os-autoinst-openvswitch
installed"os-prober
not-installed"osc
not-installed"osc
not-installed"osc-plugin-collab
not-installed"osc-plugin-install
not-installed"osdlyrics
not-installed"osdlyrics-lang
installed"osinfo-db
not-installed"osinfo-db
not-installed"osinfo-db-tools
not-installed"osslsigncode
not-installed"ossp-uuid
not-installed"oto
not-installed"otrs
not-installed"otrs
not-installed"otrs-doc
not-installed"otrs-itsm
not-installed"ovirt-guest-agent-common
not-installed"ovmf
not-installed"ovmf
not-installed"ovmf-tools
not-installed"owasp-modsecurity-crs
not-installed"owasp-modsecurity-crs-base_rules
not-installed"owasp-modsecurity-crs-experimental_rules
not-installed"owasp-modsecurity-crs-optional_rules
not-installed"owasp-modsecurity-crs-slr_rules
not-installed"owncloud-client
not-installed"owncloud-client-caja
not-installed"owncloud-client-doc
not-installed"owncloud-client-dolphin
not-installed"owncloud-client-l10n
not-installed"owncloud-client-nautilus
not-installed"owncloud-client-nemo
not-installed"oxygen4-cursors
not-installed"oxygen5
not-installed"oxygen5-cursors
not-installed"oxygen5-decoration
not-installed"oxygen5-devel
installed"oxygen5-icon-theme
installed"oxygen5-icon-theme-large
not-installed"oxygen5-icon-theme-scalable
not-installed"oxygen5-lang
installed"oxygen5-sounds
not-installed"oxygen5-style
not-installed"oxygen5-style-32bit
not-installed"oyranos
not-installed"oyranos-monitor
not-installed"oyranos-profile-graph
not-installed"oyranos-qcmsevents
not-installed"oyranos-qcmsevents-qt4
not-installed"oyranos-ui-fltk
not-installed"p0f
installed"p11-kit
installed"p11-kit-32bit
installed"p11-kit-devel
not-installed"p11-kit-nss-trust
installed"p11-kit-tools
installed"p7zip
not-installed"p7zip
not-installed"p8-platform
not-installed"p8-platform-debugsource
not-installed"p8-platform-devel
not-installed"pacemaker
not-installed"pacemaker-cli
not-installed"pacemaker-cts
not-installed"pacemaker-remote
not-installed"packETH
not-installed"package-translations
not-installed"pacpl
not-installed"pacpl
not-installed"pagemon
not-installed"pagetools
not-installed"paglinawan-quicksand-fonts
not-installed"pagul-fonts
not-installed"palapeli
not-installed"palapeli-data
not-installed"palapeli-devel
not-installed"palm-db-tools
installed"pam
not-installed"pam
installed"pam-32bit
installed"pam-config
installed"pam-devel
not-installed"pam-devel-32bit
not-installed"pam-doc
installed"pam-modules
installed"pam-modules-32bit
not-installed"pam_apparmor
not-installed"pam_apparmor-32bit
not-installed"pam_ccreds
not-installed"pam_ccreds-32bit
not-installed"pam_chroot
not-installed"pam_chroot-32bit
not-installed"pam_cifscreds
not-installed"pam_csync
not-installed"pam_csync-32bit
not-installed"pam_krb5
not-installed"pam_krb5-32bit
not-installed"pam_kwallet
not-installed"pam_ldap
not-installed"pam_ldap-32bit
not-installed"pam_mktemp
not-installed"pam_mktemp-32bit
not-installed"pam_mount
not-installed"pam_mount-32bit
not-installed"pam_p11
not-installed"pam_p11-32bit
not-installed"pam_passwdqc
not-installed"pam_passwdqc-32bit
not-installed"pam_pkcs11
not-installed"pam_pkcs11-32bit
not-installed"pam_pwquality
not-installed"pam_radius
not-installed"pam_radius-32bit
not-installed"pam_smb
not-installed"pam_smb-32bit
not-installed"pam_snapper
not-installed"pam_ssh
not-installed"pam_ssh-32bit
not-installed"pam_u2f
not-installed"pam_userpass
not-installed"pam_userpass-32bit
not-installed"pam_wrapper
not-installed"pam_yubico
not-installed"paman
not-installed"pan
not-installed"pan-lang
not-installed"pandoc
not-installed"pandoc-pdf
installed"pango-devel
not-installed"pango-devel-32bit
not-installed"pango-tools
not-installed"pangomm-devel
not-installed"pangomm-doc
not-installed"pangox-compat
not-installed"pangox-devel
not-installed"pantheon-calculator
not-installed"pantheon-calculator-lang
not-installed"pantheon-photos
not-installed"pantheon-photos-lang
not-installed"pantheon-terminal
not-installed"pantheon-terminal-lang
not-installed"paper-icon-theme
not-installed"paperclips
not-installed"paperclips-javadoc
not-installed"paperkey
not-installed"paperwork
not-installed"papi
not-installed"papi-devel
not-installed"papi-devel-32bit
not-installed"papi-devel-static
not-installed"paprefs
not-installed"paprefs-lang
not-installed"par
not-installed"parallel-netcdf-devel-data
not-installed"parallel-netcdf-openmpi
not-installed"parallel-netcdf-openmpi-devel
not-installed"parallel-netcdf-openmpi-devel-static
installed"parallel-printer-support
not-installed"paratype-pt-mono-fonts
not-installed"paratype-pt-sans-fonts
not-installed"paratype-pt-serif-fonts
not-installed"paraview
not-installed"parcellite
not-installed"pari-devel
not-installed"pari-elldata
not-installed"pari-galdata
not-installed"pari-galpol
not-installed"pari-gp
not-installed"pari-nftables
not-installed"pari-seadata
not-installed"parkverbot
not-installed"parley
not-installed"parley-lang
not-installed"parole
not-installed"parole-devel
not-installed"parole-lang
not-installed"parpack-openmpi
not-installed"parpack-openmpi-devel
not-installed"parpack-openmpi-devel-32bit
not-installed"partclone
not-installed"partclone-lang
installed"parted
not-installed"parted-devel
not-installed"parted-lang
not-installed"parti
not-installed"partitionmanager
not-installed"partitionmanager-lang
not-installed"passwdqc
not-installed"passwdqc-devel
not-installed"password-store
not-installed"password-store-dmenu
not-installed"pasystray
not-installed"pasystray
installed"patch
not-installed"patch2mail
not-installed"patchelf
not-installed"patchutils
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-32bit
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-64bit
installed"patterns-openSUSE-apparmor
installed"patterns-openSUSE-apparmor_opt
installed"patterns-openSUSE-base
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-books
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-console
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_C_C++
installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_basis
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_gnome
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_ide
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_java
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_kde
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_kde_frameworks
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_kernel
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_mono
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_perl
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_python
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_python3
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_qt4
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_qt5
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_rpm_build
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_ruby
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_tcl
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_web
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-devel_yast
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-dhcp_dns_server
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-directory_server
installed"patterns-openSUSE-enhanced_base
installed"patterns-openSUSE-enhanced_base_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-enlightenment
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-file_server
installed"patterns-openSUSE-fonts
installed"patterns-openSUSE-fonts_opt
installed"patterns-openSUSE-games
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gateway_server
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-generic_server
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_admin
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_basis
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_basis_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_games
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_ide
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_imaging
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_imaging_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_internet
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_laptop
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_multimedia
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_multimedia_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_office
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_office_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_utilities
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-gnome_yast
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-haskell_platform
installed"patterns-openSUSE-imaging
installed"patterns-openSUSE-imaging_opt
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_edutainment
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_games
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_ide
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_imaging
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_internet
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_multimedia
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_office
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_plasma
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_telepathy
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_utilities
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_utilities_opt
installed"patterns-openSUSE-kde_yast
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-kvm_server
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-lamp_server
installed"patterns-openSUSE-laptop
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_browser
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_media
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_messenger
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_netutils
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_office
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_utilities
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-lxde
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-lxde_laptop
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-lxde_office
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-lxqt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mail_server
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate_admin
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate_basis
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate_internet
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate_laptop
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate_office
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate_office_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-mate_utilities
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-minimal_base
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-minimal_base-conflicts
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-misc_server
installed"patterns-openSUSE-multimedia
installed"patterns-openSUSE-multimedia_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-network_admin
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-non_oss
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-non_oss_opt
installed"patterns-openSUSE-office
installed"patterns-openSUSE-office_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-print_server
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-remote_desktop
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_gnome
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_kde
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_x11
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-rest_core_dvd
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-rest_dvd
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-rest_dvd9
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-rest_promo_dvd
installed"patterns-openSUSE-sw_management
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-sw_management_gnome
installed"patterns-openSUSE-sw_management_kde
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-tabletpc
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-technical_writing
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-update_test
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-voip
installed"patterns-openSUSE-x11
installed"patterns-openSUSE-x11_opt
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-x11_yast
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-x86
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-xen_server
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-xfce
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-xfce_basis
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-xfce_laptop
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-xfce_office
installed"patterns-openSUSE-yast2_basis
not-installed"patterns-openSUSE-yast2_install_wf
not-installed"pavucontrol
not-installed"pavucontrol-lang
not-installed"pavucontrol-qt
not-installed"pavuk
not-installed"pavumeter
not-installed"pax-utils
not-installed"pbm2l7k
not-installed"pbuilder
not-installed"pbzip2
not-installed"pcapdump
not-installed"pcapinfo
not-installed"pcb
not-installed"pcb-doc
not-installed"pcc
not-installed"pcfclock
not-installed"pcfclock
not-installed"pcfclock-kmp-default
installed"pciutils
not-installed"pciutils-devel
not-installed"pciutils-devel-32bit
installed"pciutils-ids
not-installed"pcmanfm
not-installed"pcmanfm-devel
not-installed"pcmanfm-lang
not-installed"pcmanfm-qt
not-installed"pcmanfm-qt-lang
not-installed"pcmanx-gtk2
installed"pcmciautils
not-installed"pcp
not-installed"pcp
not-installed"pcp-conf
not-installed"pcp-devel
not-installed"pcp-doc
not-installed"pcp-export-pcp2graphite
not-installed"pcp-export-pcp2influxdb
not-installed"pcp-export-zabbix-agent
not-installed"pcp-gui
not-installed"pcp-import-collectl2pcp
not-installed"pcp-import-ganglia2pcp
not-installed"pcp-import-iostat2pcp
not-installed"pcp-import-mrtg2pcp
not-installed"pcp-import-sar2pcp
not-installed"pcp-manager
not-installed"pcp-pmda-activemq
not-installed"pcp-pmda-apache
not-installed"pcp-pmda-bash
not-installed"pcp-pmda-bind2
not-installed"pcp-pmda-bonding
not-installed"pcp-pmda-cifs
not-installed"pcp-pmda-cisco
not-installed"pcp-pmda-dbping
not-installed"pcp-pmda-dm
not-installed"pcp-pmda-docker
not-installed"pcp-pmda-ds389
not-installed"pcp-pmda-ds389log
not-installed"pcp-pmda-elasticsearch
not-installed"pcp-pmda-gfs2
not-installed"pcp-pmda-gluster
not-installed"pcp-pmda-gpfs
not-installed"pcp-pmda-gpsd
not-installed"pcp-pmda-infiniband
not-installed"pcp-pmda-json
not-installed"pcp-pmda-kvm
not-installed"pcp-pmda-lmsensors
not-installed"pcp-pmda-logger
not-installed"pcp-pmda-lustre
not-installed"pcp-pmda-lustrecomm
not-installed"pcp-pmda-mailq
not-installed"pcp-pmda-memcache
not-installed"pcp-pmda-mic
not-installed"pcp-pmda-mounts
not-installed"pcp-pmda-mysql
not-installed"pcp-pmda-named
not-installed"pcp-pmda-netfilter
not-installed"pcp-pmda-news
not-installed"pcp-pmda-nfsclient
not-installed"pcp-pmda-nginx
not-installed"pcp-pmda-nutcracker
not-installed"pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu
not-installed"pcp-pmda-oracle
not-installed"pcp-pmda-papi
not-installed"pcp-pmda-pdns
not-installed"pcp-pmda-perfevent
not-installed"pcp-pmda-postfix
not-installed"pcp-pmda-redis
not-installed"pcp-pmda-roomtemp
not-installed"pcp-pmda-rpm
not-installed"pcp-pmda-rsyslog
not-installed"pcp-pmda-samba
not-installed"pcp-pmda-sendmail
not-installed"pcp-pmda-shping
not-installed"pcp-pmda-slurm
not-installed"pcp-pmda-snmp
not-installed"pcp-pmda-summary
not-installed"pcp-pmda-systemd
not-installed"pcp-pmda-trace
not-installed"pcp-pmda-unbound
not-installed"pcp-pmda-vmware
not-installed"pcp-pmda-weblog
not-installed"pcp-pmda-zimbra
not-installed"pcp-pmda-zswap
not-installed"pcp-system-tools
not-installed"pcp-testsuite
not-installed"pcp-webapi
not-installed"pcre
installed"pcre-devel
not-installed"pcre-devel-static
not-installed"pcre-doc
not-installed"pcre-tools
not-installed"pcre2-devel
not-installed"pcre2-devel-static
not-installed"pcre2-doc
not-installed"pcre2-tools
not-installed"pcsc-acr38
not-installed"pcsc-acr38-devel
not-installed"pcsc-acsccid
not-installed"pcsc-asedriveiiie-serial
not-installed"pcsc-asedriveiiie-usb
not-installed"pcsc-asekey
not-installed"pcsc-ccid
not-installed"pcsc-cyberjack
not-installed"pcsc-eco5000
not-installed"pcsc-gempc
not-installed"pcsc-lite
not-installed"pcsc-lite-devel
not-installed"pcsc-openct
not-installed"pcsc-reflex60
not-installed"pcsc-towitoko
not-installed"pcsc-towitoko-devel
not-installed"pcsx2
not-installed"pcsx2-32bit
not-installed"pcsx2-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"pcsxr
not-installed"pcsxr
not-installed"pcsxr-debuginfo
not-installed"pcsxr-debugsource
not-installed"pdf2djvu
not-installed"pdf2djvu-lang
not-installed"pdf2svg
not-installed"pdfchain
not-installed"pdfcompare
not-installed"pdfshuffler
not-installed"pdfshuffler-lang
installed"pdftk
not-installed"pdftk-qgui
not-installed"pdftk-qgui
not-installed"pdftk-qgui-debuginfo
not-installed"pdi2iso
not-installed"pdi2iso
not-installed"pdi2iso-debuginfo
not-installed"pdns
not-installed"pdns
not-installed"pdns-backend-geoip
not-installed"pdns-backend-godbc
not-installed"pdns-backend-ldap
not-installed"pdns-backend-lua
not-installed"pdns-backend-mydns
not-installed"pdns-backend-mysql
not-installed"pdns-backend-postgresql
not-installed"pdns-backend-remote
not-installed"pdns-backend-sqlite3
not-installed"pdns-common
not-installed"pdns-recursor
not-installed"pdns-recursor
not-installed"pdnsd
not-installed"pdnsd-doc
not-installed"pdsh
not-installed"peek
not-installed"peek-lang
not-installed"peerunity-qt
not-installed"peerunityd
not-installed"peksystray
not-installed"pen
not-installed"pencil
installed"pentaho-libxml
not-installed"pentaho-libxml-javadoc
installed"pentaho-reporting-flow-engine
not-installed"pentaho-reporting-flow-engine-javadoc
not-installed"pepper
not-installed"percona-toolkit
not-installed"perf
not-installed"perf
not-installed"performous
not-installed"performous
not-installed"performous-debuginfo
not-installed"performous-debugsource
not-installed"perftest
installed"perl
not-installed"perl
installed"perl-32bit
not-installed"perl-Algorithm-Annotate
not-installed"perl-Algorithm-C3
not-installed"perl-Algorithm-CheckDigits
not-installed"perl-Algorithm-Combinatorics
not-installed"perl-Algorithm-Diff
not-installed"perl-Alien-SDL
not-installed"perl-Alien-Tidyp
not-installed"perl-Alien-wxWidgets
not-installed"perl-Any-Moose
not-installed"perl-AnyEvent
not-installed"perl-AnyEvent-HTTP
not-installed"perl-AnyEvent-I3
not-installed"perl-Apache-AuthCookie
not-installed"perl-Apache-DBI
not-installed"perl-Apache-Filter
not-installed"perl-Apache-LogFormat-Compiler
not-installed"perl-Apache-Session
not-installed"perl-Apache-SessionX
not-installed"perl-Apache2-AuthCookieDBI
not-installed"perl-App-Ack
not-installed"perl-App-CELL
not-installed"perl-App-CLI
not-installed"perl-App-Cmd
not-installed"perl-App-Dochazka-CLI
not-installed"perl-App-Dochazka-Common
not-installed"perl-App-Dochazka-WWW
not-installed"perl-App-FatPacker
not-installed"perl-App-MFILE
not-installed"perl-App-MFILE-WWW
not-installed"perl-App-Nopaste
not-installed"perl-App-Rad
not-installed"perl-App-cpanminus
not-installed"perl-AppConfig
not-installed"perl-Archive-Extract
not-installed"perl-Archive-Peek
installed"perl-Archive-Zip
not-installed"perl-Array-Unique
not-installed"perl-Audio-FLAC-Header
not-installed"perl-Audio-FLAC-Header
not-installed"perl-Audio-Musepack
not-installed"perl-Audio-Musepack
not-installed"perl-Audio-RPLD
not-installed"perl-Audio-RPLD
not-installed"perl-Audio-Scan
not-installed"perl-Audio-Scan
not-installed"perl-Audio-Scan-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Audio-Scan-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Audio-WMA
not-installed"perl-Audio-WMA
not-installed"perl-Authen-DecHpwd
not-installed"perl-Authen-Passphrase
installed"perl-Authen-SASL
not-installed"perl-Authen-SASL-Cyrus
not-installed"perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope
not-installed"perl-B-Hooks-OP-Annotation
not-installed"perl-B-Hooks-OP-Check
not-installed"perl-B-Hooks-OP-PPAddr
not-installed"perl-B-Keywords
not-installed"perl-B-Utils
not-installed"perl-BIND-Conf_Parser
not-installed"perl-BSD-Resource
not-installed"perl-Benchmark-Timer
not-installed"perl-BerkeleyDB
not-installed"perl-Bit-Vector
not-installed"perl-Boost-Geometry-Utils
installed"perl-Bootloader
not-installed"perl-Bootloader-YAML
not-installed"perl-Browser-Open
not-installed"perl-Business-ISBN
not-installed"perl-Business-ISBN-Data
not-installed"perl-Business-ISBN-Data
not-installed"perl-Business-ISMN
not-installed"perl-Business-ISSN
not-installed"perl-CBOR-XS
not-installed"perl-CBOR-XS
not-installed"perl-CBOR-XS-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-CBOR-XS-debugsource
not-installed"perl-CDDB_get
not-installed"perl-CGI
not-installed"perl-CGI-Ajax
not-installed"perl-CGI-Application
not-installed"perl-CGI-FastTemplate
not-installed"perl-CGI-FormBuilder
not-installed"perl-CGI-Session
not-installed"perl-CGI-Simple
not-installed"perl-CHI
not-installed"perl-CLASS
not-installed"perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo
not-installed"perl-CPAN-Meta
not-installed"perl-CPAN-Meta-Check
not-installed"perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements
not-installed"perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML
not-installed"perl-CPAN-Mini
not-installed"perl-CPAN-Perl-Releases
not-installed"perl-CPAN-Uploader
not-installed"perl-CSS-Minifier-XS
not-installed"perl-CSS-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Cache-Cache
not-installed"perl-Cache-LRU
not-installed"perl-Cairo
not-installed"perl-Calendar-Simple
not-installed"perl-Canary-Stability
not-installed"perl-Capture-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Carp-Always
not-installed"perl-Carp-Assert
not-installed"perl-Carp-Assert-More
not-installed"perl-Carp-Clan
not-installed"perl-Carton
not-installed"perl-Catalyst-Manual
not-installed"perl-Chart
not-installed"perl-Class-Accessor
not-installed"perl-Class-Accessor-Chained
not-installed"perl-Class-Accessor-Grouped
not-installed"perl-Class-Accessor-Lite
not-installed"perl-Class-Adapter
not-installed"perl-Class-Autouse
not-installed"perl-Class-Base
not-installed"perl-Class-C3
not-installed"perl-Class-C3-Adopt-NEXT
not-installed"perl-Class-C3-Componentised
not-installed"perl-Class-C3-XS
not-installed"perl-Class-Container
not-installed"perl-Class-DBI
not-installed"perl-Class-Data-Inheritable
not-installed"perl-Class-Date
not-installed"perl-Class-Factory-Util
installed"perl-Class-ISA
not-installed"perl-Class-Inner
not-installed"perl-Class-Inspector
not-installed"perl-Class-Load
not-installed"perl-Class-Load-XS
not-installed"perl-Class-MakeMethods
not-installed"perl-Class-Method-Modifiers
not-installed"perl-Class-Method-Modifiers-Fast
not-installed"perl-Class-MethodMaker
not-installed"perl-Class-Mix
not-installed"perl-Class-Multimethods
not-installed"perl-Class-ReturnValue
not-installed"perl-Class-Singleton
not-installed"perl-Class-Spiffy
not-installed"perl-Class-Std
not-installed"perl-Class-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Class-Trigger
not-installed"perl-Class-Unload
not-installed"perl-Class-WhiteHole
not-installed"perl-Class-XPath
not-installed"perl-Class-XSAccessor
not-installed"perl-Clipboard
installed"perl-Clone
not-installed"perl-Clone-PP
not-installed"perl-Compress-Bzip2
not-installed"perl-Config-Any
not-installed"perl-Config-Auto
not-installed"perl-Config-AutoConf
installed"perl-Config-Crontab
not-installed"perl-Config-General
not-installed"perl-Config-GitLike
not-installed"perl-Config-Grammar
not-installed"perl-Config-INI
not-installed"perl-Config-IniFiles
not-installed"perl-Config-MVP
not-installed"perl-Config-MVP-Reader-INI
not-installed"perl-Config-MySQL
not-installed"perl-Config-Simple
not-installed"perl-Config-Std
not-installed"perl-Config-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Const-Fast
not-installed"perl-Context-Preserve
not-installed"perl-Contextual-Return
not-installed"perl-Convert-ASN1
not-installed"perl-Convert-BER
not-installed"perl-Convert-BinHex
not-installed"perl-Convert-TNEF
not-installed"perl-Convert-UUlib
not-installed"perl-Cookie-Baker
not-installed"perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Blowfish
not-installed"perl-Crypt-CBC
not-installed"perl-Crypt-DES
not-installed"perl-Crypt-DH-GMP
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Eksblowfish
not-installed"perl-Crypt-MySQL
not-installed"perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum
not-installed"perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA
not-installed"perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random
not-installed"perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5
not-installed"perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5
not-installed"perl-Crypt-RC4
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Rijndael
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Rot13
installed"perl-Crypt-SSLeay
not-installed"perl-Crypt-SaltedHash
installed"perl-Crypt-SmbHash
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Twofish
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Twofish
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Twofish-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Crypt-Twofish-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Crypt-UnixCrypt_XS
not-installed"perl-Curses
not-installed"perl-CursesWidgets
not-installed"perl-Cwd-Guard
not-installed"perl-Cyrus-IMAP
not-installed"perl-Cyrus-SIEVE-managesieve
not-installed"perl-DBD-CSV
not-installed"perl-DBD-ODBC
not-installed"perl-DBD-Pg
installed"perl-DBD-SQLite
not-installed"perl-DBD-XBase
not-installed"perl-DBD-mysql
installed"perl-DBI
not-installed"perl-DBICx-TestDatabase
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-DeploymentHandler
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-DynamicDefault
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-Fixtures
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-InflateColumn-FS
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-IntrospectableM2M
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-OptimisticLocking
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-Schema-Config
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-Schema-Loader
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Class-UUIDColumns
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Connector
not-installed"perl-DBIx-ContextualFetch
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Simple
not-installed"perl-DBIx-Transaction
not-installed"perl-DBM-Deep
not-installed"perl-DNS-LDNS
not-installed"perl-Data-AMF
not-installed"perl-Data-Clone
not-installed"perl-Data-Compare
installed"perl-Data-Dump
not-installed"perl-Data-Dump-Streamer
not-installed"perl-Data-Dumper-Concise
not-installed"perl-Data-Entropy
not-installed"perl-Data-Float
not-installed"perl-Data-Hexify
not-installed"perl-Data-Hierarchy
not-installed"perl-Data-Integer
not-installed"perl-Data-OptList
not-installed"perl-Data-Page
not-installed"perl-Data-Peek
not-installed"perl-Data-Perl
not-installed"perl-Data-Printer
not-installed"perl-Data-Random
not-installed"perl-Data-Section
not-installed"perl-Data-Section-Simple
not-installed"perl-Data-ShowTable
not-installed"perl-Data-Uniqid
not-installed"perl-Data-Util
not-installed"perl-Data-Visitor
not-installed"perl-Date-Calc
not-installed"perl-Date-Holidays-CZ
not-installed"perl-Date-Manip
not-installed"perl-Date-Simple
not-installed"perl-Date-Tiny
not-installed"perl-DateTime
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Calendar-Mayan
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-Builder
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-DateParse
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-ISO8601
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-ISO8601
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-Mail
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-Mail
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-MySQL
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-Pg
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-SQLite
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Locale
not-installed"perl-DateTime-TimeZone
not-installed"perl-DateTime-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Debug-Trace
not-installed"perl-Declare-Constraints-Simple
not-installed"perl-Devel-Caller
not-installed"perl-Devel-CheckBin
not-installed"perl-Devel-CheckCompiler
not-installed"perl-Devel-CheckLib
not-installed"perl-Devel-CheckOS
not-installed"perl-Devel-Confess
not-installed"perl-Devel-CoreStack
not-installed"perl-Devel-Cover
not-installed"perl-Devel-Cycle
not-installed"perl-Devel-Declare
not-installed"perl-Devel-FindPerl
not-installed"perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction
not-installed"perl-Devel-Hide
not-installed"perl-Devel-Leak
not-installed"perl-Devel-LexAlias
not-installed"perl-Devel-NYTProf
not-installed"perl-Devel-OverloadInfo
not-installed"perl-Devel-PPPort
not-installed"perl-Devel-PartialDump
not-installed"perl-Devel-PatchPerl
not-installed"perl-Devel-StackTrace
not-installed"perl-Devel-StackTrace-AsHTML
not-installed"perl-Devel-Symdump
not-installed"perl-Devel-TakeHashArgs
not-installed"perl-Devel-Trace
not-installed"perl-Device-SerialPort
not-installed"perl-Digest-CRC
installed"perl-Digest-HMAC
not-installed"perl-Digest-JHash
installed"perl-Digest-MD4
not-installed"perl-Digest-MD5
not-installed"perl-Digest-MD5
not-installed"perl-Digest-MD5-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Digest-MD5-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Digest-Perl-MD5
installed"perl-Digest-SHA1
not-installed"perl-Dist-CheckConflicts
not-installed"perl-Dist-Zilla
not-installed"perl-Email-Abstract
not-installed"perl-Email-Address
not-installed"perl-Email-Date-Format
not-installed"perl-Email-Find
not-installed"perl-Email-Find
not-installed"perl-Email-MIME-ContentType
not-installed"perl-Email-MIME-Encodings
not-installed"perl-Email-MessageID
not-installed"perl-Email-Simple
not-installed"perl-Email-Valid
not-installed"perl-Encode-Detect
not-installed"perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII
not-installed"perl-Encode-HanExtra
not-installed"perl-Encode-JIS2K
installed"perl-Encode-Locale
installed"perl-Error
not-installed"perl-Eval-Closure
not-installed"perl-Event
not-installed"perl-Event-ExecFlow
not-installed"perl-Event-ExecFlow
not-installed"perl-Event-RPC
not-installed"perl-Event-RPC
not-installed"perl-Exception-Base
not-installed"perl-Exception-Class
not-installed"perl-Expect
not-installed"perl-Export-Attrs
not-installed"perl-Export-Attrs
not-installed"perl-Exporter-Declare
not-installed"perl-Exporter-Lite
not-installed"perl-Exporter-Tidy
not-installed"perl-Exporter-Tiny
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-CChecker
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-Config
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-CppGuess
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-Depends
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-F77
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-Helpers
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-InstallPaths
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-LibBuilder
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-CPANfile
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-mini
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-Manifest
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-Typemaps-Default
not-installed"perl-ExtUtils-XSpp
not-installed"perl-FastCGI
not-installed"perl-Fennec-Lite
not-installed"perl-File-BaseDir
not-installed"perl-File-Basename-Object
not-installed"perl-File-Comments
not-installed"perl-File-Copy-Recursive
not-installed"perl-File-DesktopEntry
not-installed"perl-File-FcntlLock
not-installed"perl-File-Find-Rule
not-installed"perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl
not-installed"perl-File-Finder
not-installed"perl-File-HomeDir
installed"perl-File-Listing
not-installed"perl-File-MMagic
not-installed"perl-File-Mork
not-installed"perl-File-Next
not-installed"perl-File-Path
not-installed"perl-File-Path-Tiny
installed"perl-File-RandomAccess
not-installed"perl-File-ReadBackwards
not-installed"perl-File-Remove
not-installed"perl-File-Rsync
not-installed"perl-File-ShareDir
not-installed"perl-File-ShareDir-Install
not-installed"perl-File-ShareDir-ProjectDistDir
not-installed"perl-File-Slurp
not-installed"perl-File-Slurp-Tiny
not-installed"perl-File-Slurp-Unicode
not-installed"perl-File-Slurper
not-installed"perl-File-Sync
not-installed"perl-File-Tail
not-installed"perl-File-Temp
not-installed"perl-File-Touch
not-installed"perl-File-Type
not-installed"perl-File-Which
not-installed"perl-File-chdir
not-installed"perl-File-pushd
not-installed"perl-FileHandle-Unget
not-installed"perl-Filesys-Df
not-installed"perl-Filesys-Notify-Simple
not-installed"perl-Finance-Quote
not-installed"perl-FindBin-Real
not-installed"perl-Font-AFM
not-installed"perl-Font-FreeType
not-installed"perl-Font-TTF
not-installed"perl-FreezeThaw
not-installed"perl-Future
not-installed"perl-GD
not-installed"perl-GD-Barcode
not-installed"perl-GD-Graph3d
not-installed"perl-GDGraph
not-installed"perl-GDTextUtil
not-installed"perl-GStreamer1
not-installed"perl-Geo-Coordinates-UTM
not-installed"perl-Geography-Countries
not-installed"perl-Getopt-ArgvFile
not-installed"perl-Getopt-Long-Descriptive
not-installed"perl-Getopt-Tabular
not-installed"perl-Glib
not-installed"perl-Glib-Object-Introspection
not-installed"perl-Gnome2
not-installed"perl-Gnome2-Canvas
not-installed"perl-Gnome2-GConf
not-installed"perl-Gnome2-VFS
not-installed"perl-Gnome2-Wnck
not-installed"perl-GnuPG-Interface
not-installed"perl-Goo-Canvas
not-installed"perl-Graph
not-installed"perl-GraphViz
not-installed"perl-GraphicsMagick
not-installed"perl-Gravatar-URL
not-installed"perl-Growl-GNTP
not-installed"perl-Gtk2
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-AppIndicator
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-Ex-FormFactory
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-Ex-FormFactory
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-GladeXML
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-GladeXML
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-GladeXML-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-GladeXML-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-ImageView
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-Notify
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-Notify
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-Notify-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-Notify-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-Unique
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-WebKit
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-WebKit
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-WebKit-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Gtk2-WebKit-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Guard
not-installed"perl-HTML-Clean
not-installed"perl-HTML-Element-Extended
not-installed"perl-HTML-Encoding
not-installed"perl-HTML-FillInForm
not-installed"perl-HTML-Form
not-installed"perl-HTML-FormHandler
not-installed"perl-HTML-Format
not-installed"perl-HTML-FromText
not-installed"perl-HTML-FromText
installed"perl-HTML-Parser
not-installed"perl-HTML-RewriteAttributes
not-installed"perl-HTML-Scrubber
not-installed"perl-HTML-SimpleParse
not-installed"perl-HTML-Strip
not-installed"perl-HTML-Strip
not-installed"perl-HTML-Strip-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-HTML-Strip-debugsource
not-installed"perl-HTML-TableExtract
installed"perl-HTML-Tagset
not-installed"perl-HTML-Template
installed"perl-HTML-Tidy
not-installed"perl-HTML-TokeParser-Simple
not-installed"perl-HTML-Tree
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Body
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent
installed"perl-HTTP-Cookies
not-installed"perl-HTTP-DAV
installed"perl-HTTP-Daemon
installed"perl-HTTP-Date
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Headers-ActionPack
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Headers-Fast
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Lite
installed"perl-HTTP-Message
installed"perl-HTTP-Negotiate
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Parser-XS
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Request-AsCGI
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Server-Simple
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Thin
not-installed"perl-HTTP-Tiny
not-installed"perl-HTTPS-Daemon
not-installed"perl-Hash-Merge
not-installed"perl-Hash-Merge-Simple
not-installed"perl-Hash-MoreUtils
not-installed"perl-Hash-MultiValue
not-installed"perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash-Compat
not-installed"perl-Hook-LexWrap
not-installed"perl-IO-All
not-installed"perl-IO-Async
not-installed"perl-IO-CaptureOutput
not-installed"perl-IO-Digest
installed"perl-IO-HTML
not-installed"perl-IO-Handle-Util
not-installed"perl-IO-Interactive
not-installed"perl-IO-Interface
not-installed"perl-IO-Multiplex
not-installed"perl-IO-Pager
not-installed"perl-IO-Pipely
not-installed"perl-IO-SessionData
not-installed"perl-IO-Socket-INET6
not-installed"perl-IO-Socket-IP
not-installed"perl-IO-Socket-Multicast
not-installed"perl-IO-Socket-PortState
installed"perl-IO-Socket-SSL
not-installed"perl-IO-Socket-Timeout
not-installed"perl-IO-String
not-installed"perl-IO-Stty
not-installed"perl-IO-TieCombine
not-installed"perl-IO-Tty
not-installed"perl-IO-stringy
not-installed"perl-IP-Country
not-installed"perl-IPC-Run
not-installed"perl-IPC-Run3
not-installed"perl-IPC-ShareLite
not-installed"perl-IPC-System-Simple
not-installed"perl-IRI
not-installed"perl-Ima-DBI
installed"perl-Image-ExifTool
not-installed"perl-Image-Info
not-installed"perl-Image-Size
not-installed"perl-Import-Into
not-installed"perl-Inline
not-installed"perl-Inline-C
not-installed"perl-Inline-C
not-installed"perl-Iterator
not-installed"perl-Iterator-Util
not-installed"perl-JSON
not-installed"perl-JSON-Any
not-installed"perl-JSON-DWIW
not-installed"perl-JSON-MaybeXS
not-installed"perl-JSON-RPC
not-installed"perl-JSON-XS
not-installed"perl-JavaScript-Minifier-XS
installed"perl-LWP-MediaTypes
not-installed"perl-LWP-Online
installed"perl-LWP-Protocol-https
not-installed"perl-Lexical-Persistence
not-installed"perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-FindNumber
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-Number
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-Phrase
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Number-IsOrdinal
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Numbers-Ordinate
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Numbers-Ordinate
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Sentence
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Tagger
not-installed"perl-Lingua-EN-Words2Nums
not-installed"perl-Lingua-PT-Stemmer
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Preferred
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Preferred
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Stem
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Stem-Fr
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Stem-It
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Stem-Ru
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Stem-Snowball
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Stem-Snowball-Da
not-installed"perl-Lingua-Translit
not-installed"perl-Linux-Inotify2
not-installed"perl-Linux-Pid
not-installed"perl-List-AllUtils
not-installed"perl-List-MoreUtils
not-installed"perl-List-SomeUtils
not-installed"perl-List-SomeUtils-XS
not-installed"perl-List-UtilsBy
not-installed"perl-Locale-Maketext-Gettext
not-installed"perl-Locale-Maketext-Lexicon
not-installed"perl-Locale-Msgfmt
not-installed"perl-Locale-US
not-installed"perl-LockFile-Simple
not-installed"perl-Log-Any
not-installed"perl-Log-Contextual
not-installed"perl-Log-Dispatch
not-installed"perl-Log-Dispatch-Array
not-installed"perl-Log-Dispatch-Config
not-installed"perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate
not-installed"perl-Log-Dispatchouli
not-installed"perl-Log-Log4perl
not-installed"perl-Log-Message
not-installed"perl-Log-Message-Simple
not-installed"perl-Log-TraceMessages
not-installed"perl-Log-TraceMessages
not-installed"perl-MIME-Charset
not-installed"perl-MIME-EncWords
not-installed"perl-MIME-Lite
not-installed"perl-MIME-Types
not-installed"perl-MIME-tools
installed"perl-MLDBM
not-installed"perl-MLDBM-Sync
not-installed"perl-MP3-Info
not-installed"perl-MP3-Info
not-installed"perl-MP3-Tag
not-installed"perl-MP3-Tag
not-installed"perl-MP4-Info
not-installed"perl-MP4-Info
not-installed"perl-MRO-Compat
not-installed"perl-Mac-PropertyList
not-installed"perl-Mail-DKIM
not-installed"perl-Mail-Mbox-MessageParser
not-installed"perl-Mail-SPF
not-installed"perl-Mail-SPF-Test
not-installed"perl-Mail-Sender
not-installed"perl-Mail-Sendmail
not-installed"perl-Mail-SpamAssassin
not-installed"perl-Mail-SpamAssassin-Plugin-iXhash2
not-installed"perl-MailTools
not-installed"perl-Makefile-DOM
not-installed"perl-Mason
installed"perl-Math-Base-Convert
not-installed"perl-Math-BigInt
not-installed"perl-Math-BigInt-GMP
not-installed"perl-Math-Calc-Units
not-installed"perl-Math-Clipper
not-installed"perl-Math-ConvexHull
not-installed"perl-Math-ConvexHull-MonotoneChain
not-installed"perl-Math-Geometry-Voronoi
not-installed"perl-Math-Libm
not-installed"perl-Math-PlanePath
not-installed"perl-Math-Round
not-installed"perl-Mcrypt
not-installed"perl-Memoize-ExpireLRU
not-installed"perl-Meta-Builder
not-installed"perl-Method-Signatures-Simple
not-installed"perl-Minion
not-installed"perl-Mixin-Linewise
not-installed"perl-Mo
not-installed"perl-Mock-Quick
not-installed"perl-Module-Build
not-installed"perl-Module-Build-Deprecated
not-installed"perl-Module-Build-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Module-Build-WithXSpp
not-installed"perl-Module-Build-XSUtil
not-installed"perl-Module-CPANfile
not-installed"perl-Module-Depends
not-installed"perl-Module-Find
not-installed"perl-Module-Implementation
not-installed"perl-Module-Info
not-installed"perl-Module-Install
not-installed"perl-Module-Install-AuthorTests
not-installed"perl-Module-Install-ExtraTests
not-installed"perl-Module-Metadata
not-installed"perl-Module-Path
not-installed"perl-Module-Pluggable
not-installed"perl-Module-Reader
not-installed"perl-Module-Refresh
installed"perl-Module-Runtime
not-installed"perl-Module-Runtime-Conflicts
not-installed"perl-Module-ScanDeps
not-installed"perl-Module-Signature
not-installed"perl-Module-Starter
not-installed"perl-Mojo-RabbitMQ-Client
not-installed"perl-Mojolicious
not-installed"perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-AssetPack
not-installed"perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-CHI
not-installed"perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-RenderFile
not-installed"perl-Moo
not-installed"perl-MooX-HandlesVia
not-installed"perl-MooX-Types-MooseLike
not-installed"perl-MooX-Types-MooseLike-Numeric
not-installed"perl-MooX-late
not-installed"perl-Moose
not-installed"perl-Moose-Autobox
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Aliases
not-installed"perl-MooseX-App-Cmd
not-installed"perl-MooseX-ArrayRef
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Attribute-ENV
not-installed"perl-MooseX-AttributeHelpers
not-installed"perl-MooseX-AuthorizedMethods
not-installed"perl-MooseX-ClassAttribute
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Clone
not-installed"perl-MooseX-ConfigFromFile
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Daemonize
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Getopt
not-installed"perl-MooseX-GlobRef
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Has-Options
not-installed"perl-MooseX-HasDefaults
not-installed"perl-MooseX-InsideOut
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Iterator
not-installed"perl-MooseX-LazyLogDispatch
not-installed"perl-MooseX-LazyRequire
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Log-Log4perl
not-installed"perl-MooseX-LogDispatch
not-installed"perl-MooseX-MarkAsMethods
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Meta-TypeConstraint-ForceCoercion
not-installed"perl-MooseX-MultiInitArg
not-installed"perl-MooseX-NonMoose
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Object-Pluggable
not-installed"perl-MooseX-OneArgNew
not-installed"perl-MooseX-POE
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Param
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Role-Cmd
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Role-Parameterized
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Role-TraitConstructor
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Role-WithOverloading
not-installed"perl-MooseX-SemiAffordanceAccessor
not-installed"perl-MooseX-SetOnce
not-installed"perl-MooseX-SimpleConfig
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Singleton
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Storage
not-installed"perl-MooseX-StrictConstructor
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Traits
not-installed"perl-MooseX-TransactionalMethods
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-Common
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-LoadableClass
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-Parameterizable
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Class
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Tiny
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-Perl
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-Set-Object
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Types-Stringlike
not-installed"perl-MooseX-Workers
not-installed"perl-Mozilla-LDAP
not-installed"perl-MythTV-0_27
not-installed"perl-NKF
not-installed"perl-Nagios-Plugin
not-installed"perl-Net-AMQP
not-installed"perl-Net-CIDR-Lite
installed"perl-Net-DBus
not-installed"perl-Net-DBus-GLib
not-installed"perl-Net-DBus-GLib
not-installed"perl-Net-DBus-GLib-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Net-DBus-GLib-debugsource
installed"perl-Net-DNS
not-installed"perl-Net-DNS-Resolver-Programmable
installed"perl-Net-Daemon
not-installed"perl-Net-Domain-TLD
installed"perl-Net-HTTP
not-installed"perl-Net-HTTPServer
not-installed"perl-Net-IDN-Encode
not-installed"perl-Net-INET6Glue
not-installed"perl-Net-IP
not-installed"perl-Net-IPv4Addr
not-installed"perl-Net-Ident
not-installed"perl-Net-Jabber
not-installed"perl-Net-LibIDN
not-installed"perl-Net-Libproxy
not-installed"perl-Net-Netmask
not-installed"perl-Net-OAuth
not-installed"perl-Net-OpenID-Common
not-installed"perl-Net-OpenID-Consumer
not-installed"perl-Net-Oping
not-installed"perl-Net-Patricia
not-installed"perl-Net-Pcap
installed"perl-Net-SMTP-SSL
not-installed"perl-Net-SNMP
not-installed"perl-Net-SSH2
not-installed"perl-Net-SSLGlue
installed"perl-Net-SSLeay
not-installed"perl-Net-Server
not-installed"perl-Net-TFTP
not-installed"perl-Net-Telnet
not-installed"perl-Net-UPnP
not-installed"perl-Net-UPnP
not-installed"perl-Net-Whois-RIPE
not-installed"perl-Net-Whois-Raw
not-installed"perl-Net-XMPP
not-installed"perl-NetAddr-IP
not-installed"perl-NetPacket
not-installed"perl-NetxAP
not-installed"perl-Number-Compare
not-installed"perl-Number-Format
not-installed"perl-OLE-Storage_Lite
not-installed"perl-OSSP-uuid
not-installed"perl-Object-Signature
not-installed"perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header
not-installed"perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header
not-installed"perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-PurePerl
not-installed"perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-PurePerl
not-installed"perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-debugsource
not-installed"perl-PAR
not-installed"perl-PAR-Dist
not-installed"perl-PAR-Packer
not-installed"perl-PCP-LogImport
not-installed"perl-PCP-LogSummary
not-installed"perl-PCP-MMV
not-installed"perl-PCP-PMDA
not-installed"perl-PDA-Pilot
not-installed"perl-PDF-API2
not-installed"perl-PDL
not-installed"perl-PHP-Serialization
not-installed"perl-POE
not-installed"perl-POE-Test-Loops
not-installed"perl-POSIX-strftime-Compiler
not-installed"perl-PPI
not-installed"perl-PPIx-Regexp
not-installed"perl-PPIx-Utilities
not-installed"perl-Package-DeprecationManager
not-installed"perl-Package-Generator
not-installed"perl-Package-Stash
not-installed"perl-Package-Stash-XS
not-installed"perl-Package-Variant
not-installed"perl-PadWalker
not-installed"perl-Pango
not-installed"perl-Params-Classify
not-installed"perl-Params-Coerce
installed"perl-Params-Util
not-installed"perl-Params-Validate
not-installed"perl-Parse-CPAN-Meta
not-installed"perl-Parse-CPAN-Packages
installed"perl-Parse-RecDescent
not-installed"perl-Parse-Win32Registry
not-installed"perl-Parse-Yapp
not-installed"perl-Path-Class
not-installed"perl-Path-FindDev
not-installed"perl-Path-IsDev
not-installed"perl-Path-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Pegex
not-installed"perl-Pegex
not-installed"perl-Perl-Critic
not-installed"perl-Perl-PrereqScanner
not-installed"perl-Perl-Tidy
not-installed"perl-Perl-Version
not-installed"perl-Perl6-Junction
not-installed"perl-PerlIO-eol
not-installed"perl-PerlIO-locale
not-installed"perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict
not-installed"perl-PerlIO-via-Timeout
not-installed"perl-PerlIO-via-dynamic
not-installed"perl-PerlMagick
installed"perl-PlRPC
not-installed"perl-Plack
not-installed"perl-Plack-Middleware-LogErrors
not-installed"perl-Plack-Middleware-Session
not-installed"perl-Pod-Coverage
not-installed"perl-Pod-Coverage-Moose
not-installed"perl-Pod-Coverage-TrustPod
not-installed"perl-Pod-Eventual
not-installed"perl-Pod-HtmlPsPdf
not-installed"perl-Pod-MinimumVersion
not-installed"perl-Pod-POM
not-installed"perl-Pod-Spell
not-installed"perl-Pod-Usage
not-installed"perl-PostScript-Simple
not-installed"perl-Prima
not-installed"perl-Probe-Perl
not-installed"perl-Proc-Fork
not-installed"perl-Proc-ProcessTable
not-installed"perl-Proc-Simple
not-installed"perl-Quantum-Superpositions
not-installed"perl-RDF-Trine
installed"perl-RPC-XML
not-installed"perl-RPM2
not-installed"perl-Readonly
not-installed"perl-Readonly-XS
not-installed"perl-Redis
not-installed"perl-Regexp-Assemble
not-installed"perl-Regexp-Common
not-installed"perl-Regexp-IPv6
not-installed"perl-Regexp-Shellish
not-installed"perl-Role-HasMessage
not-installed"perl-Role-Identifiable
not-installed"perl-Role-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Rose-Object
not-installed"perl-Router-Simple
not-installed"perl-SDL
not-installed"perl-SGML-Parser-OpenSP
not-installed"perl-SGMLS
not-installed"perl-SNMP
not-installed"perl-SOAP-Lite
not-installed"perl-SQL-Abstract
not-installed"perl-SQL-ReservedWords
not-installed"perl-SQL-SplitStatement
installed"perl-SQL-Statement
not-installed"perl-SQL-Tokenizer
not-installed"perl-SQL-Translator
not-installed"perl-SUPER
not-installed"perl-SVG
not-installed"perl-SVN-Simple
not-installed"perl-Safe-Isa
not-installed"perl-Scalar-List-Utils
not-installed"perl-Scalar-String
not-installed"perl-Scope-Guard
not-installed"perl-Scope-Upper
not-installed"perl-Selenium-Remote-Driver
not-installed"perl-Sereal
not-installed"perl-Sereal
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Decoder
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Decoder
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Decoder-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Decoder-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Encoder
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Encoder
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Encoder-debuginfo
not-installed"perl-Sereal-Encoder-debugsource
not-installed"perl-Set-Crontab
not-installed"perl-Set-Object
not-installed"perl-Set-Scalar
not-installed"perl-Smart-Comments
not-installed"perl-Snowball-Norwegian
not-installed"perl-Snowball-Swedish
not-installed"perl-Socket-MsgHdr
not-installed"perl-Socket6
not-installed"perl-Software-License
not-installed"perl-Sort-Naturally
not-installed"perl-Sort-Versions
not-installed"perl-Spiffy
not-installed"perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel
not-installed"perl-Spreadsheet-Read
not-installed"perl-Spreadsheet-Read
not-installed"perl-Spreadsheet-ReadSXC
not-installed"perl-Spreadsheet-XLSX
not-installed"perl-Starman
not-installed"perl-Statistics-Descriptive
not-installed"perl-Stream-Buffered
not-installed"perl-String-Approx
not-installed"perl-String-CamelCase
not-installed"perl-String-Errf
not-installed"perl-String-Escape
not-installed"perl-String-Flogger
not-installed"perl-String-Format
not-installed"perl-String-Formatter
not-installed"perl-String-RewritePrefix
not-installed"perl-String-ShellQuote
not-installed"perl-String-ToIdentifier-EN
not-installed"perl-String-Truncate
not-installed"perl-Struct-Dumb
not-installed"perl-Sub-Exporter
not-installed"perl-Sub-Exporter-ForMethods
not-installed"perl-Sub-Exporter-GlobExporter
not-installed"perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive
not-installed"perl-Sub-Identify
not-installed"perl-Sub-Install
not-installed"perl-Sub-Name
not-installed"perl-Sub-Override
not-installed"perl-Sub-Quote
not-installed"perl-Sub-Spec
not-installed"perl-Sub-Uplevel
not-installed"perl-Switch
not-installed"perl-Symbol-Table
not-installed"perl-Symbol-Util
not-installed"perl-Syntax-Keyword-Junction
not-installed"perl-Sys-CPU
not-installed"perl-Sys-Guestfs
not-installed"perl-Sys-Hostname-Long
not-installed"perl-Sys-LoadAvg
not-installed"perl-Sys-SigAction
not-installed"perl-Sys-Virt
not-installed"perl-Sysadm-Install
not-installed"perl-SystemPerl
not-installed"perl-SystemPerl-devel
not-installed"perl-Task-Kensho-Async
not-installed"perl-Task-Kensho-Config
not-installed"perl-Task-Kensho-Dates
not-installed"perl-Task-Kensho-Exceptions
not-installed"perl-Task-Kensho-Scalability
not-installed"perl-Task-Kensho-Testing
not-installed"perl-Task-Kensho-XML
not-installed"perl-Task-Weaken
not-installed"perl-Template-Toolkit
not-installed"perl-Term-Encoding
not-installed"perl-Term-ProgressBar
installed"perl-Term-ReadKey
not-installed"perl-Term-ReadPassword
not-installed"perl-Term-UI
installed"perl-TermReadLine-Gnu
not-installed"perl-Test-Assert
not-installed"perl-Test-Base
not-installed"perl-Test-CChecker
not-installed"perl-Test-CPAN-Meta
not-installed"perl-Test-CheckChanges
not-installed"perl-Test-CheckDeps
not-installed"perl-Test-Class
not-installed"perl-Test-Class-Most
not-installed"perl-Test-ClassAPI
not-installed"perl-Test-CleanNamespaces
not-installed"perl-Test-Command
not-installed"perl-Test-Compile
not-installed"perl-Test-Deep
not-installed"perl-Test-Differences
not-installed"perl-Test-EOL
not-installed"perl-Test-Exception
not-installed"perl-Test-Exception-LessClever
not-installed"perl-Test-FailWarnings
not-installed"perl-Test-Fatal
not-installed"perl-Test-File-ShareDir
not-installed"perl-Test-Harness
not-installed"perl-Test-HasVersion
not-installed"perl-Test-Identity
not-installed"perl-Test-InDistDir
not-installed"perl-Test-Inter
not-installed"perl-Test-JSON
not-installed"perl-Test-LWP-UserAgent
not-installed"perl-Test-LeakTrace
not-installed"perl-Test-LongString
not-installed"perl-Test-Manifest
not-installed"perl-Test-Memory-Cycle
not-installed"perl-Test-Mock-LWP
not-installed"perl-Test-Mock-Time
not-installed"perl-Test-Mock-Time
not-installed"perl-Test-MockModule
not-installed"perl-Test-MockObject
not-installed"perl-Test-MockTime
not-installed"perl-Test-Most
not-installed"perl-Test-Needs
not-installed"perl-Test-NoTabs
not-installed"perl-Test-NoWarnings
not-installed"perl-Test-Number-Delta
not-installed"perl-Test-Object
not-installed"perl-Test-Output
not-installed"perl-Test-PerlTidy
not-installed"perl-Test-Pod
not-installed"perl-Test-Pod-Coverage
not-installed"perl-Test-Refcount
not-installed"perl-Test-Requires
not-installed"perl-Test-RequiresInternet
not-installed"perl-Test-Script
not-installed"perl-Test-SharedFork
not-installed"perl-Test-Signature
not-installed"perl-Test-Signature
not-installed"perl-Test-Simple
not-installed"perl-Test-Spec
not-installed"perl-Test-Spelling
not-installed"perl-Test-Strict
not-installed"perl-Test-SubCalls
not-installed"perl-Test-Synopsis
not-installed"perl-Test-TCP
not-installed"perl-Test-Taint
not-installed"perl-Test-TempDir-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Test-Tester
not-installed"perl-Test-Time
not-installed"perl-Test-Trap
not-installed"perl-Test-Unit
not-installed"perl-Test-Unit-Lite
not-installed"perl-Test-UseAllModules
not-installed"perl-Test-WWW-Mechanize
not-installed"perl-Test-WWW-Selenium
not-installed"perl-Test-Warn
not-installed"perl-Test-Warnings
not-installed"perl-Test-Without-Module
not-installed"perl-Test-YAML
not-installed"perl-Test-YAML-Valid
not-installed"perl-Test-use-ok
not-installed"perl-Text-ASCIITable
not-installed"perl-Text-Aligner
not-installed"perl-Text-Aspell
not-installed"perl-Text-Autoformat
not-installed"perl-Text-BibTeX
not-installed"perl-Text-Brew
not-installed"perl-Text-CSV
not-installed"perl-Text-CSV_XS
not-installed"perl-Text-Capitalize
not-installed"perl-Text-ChaSen
not-installed"perl-Text-CharWidth
not-installed"perl-Text-DelimMatch
not-installed"perl-Text-Diff
not-installed"perl-Text-German
not-installed"perl-Text-Glob
not-installed"perl-Text-Hunspell
not-installed"perl-Text-Iconv
not-installed"perl-Text-Kakasi
not-installed"perl-Text-Markdown
not-installed"perl-Text-Patch
not-installed"perl-Text-RecordParser
not-installed"perl-Text-Reform
not-installed"perl-Text-Roman
not-installed"perl-Text-Soundex
not-installed"perl-Text-SpellChecker
not-installed"perl-Text-Table
not-installed"perl-Text-TabularDisplay
not-installed"perl-Text-Template
not-installed"perl-Text-Unidecode
not-installed"perl-Text-WrapI18N
installed"perl-Text-Wrapper
not-installed"perl-Throwable
not-installed"perl-Tie-Cache
not-installed"perl-Tie-Cycle
not-installed"perl-Tie-Hash-DBD
installed"perl-Tie-IxHash
not-installed"perl-Tie-RefHash-Weak
not-installed"perl-Tie-Simple
not-installed"perl-Tie-ToObject
not-installed"perl-Time-Clock
not-installed"perl-Time-Duration
not-installed"perl-Time-Duration-Parse
not-installed"perl-Time-Mock
not-installed"perl-Time-Out
not-installed"perl-Time-Period
not-installed"perl-Time-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Time-modules
installed"perl-TimeDate
not-installed"perl-Tk
not-installed"perl-Tk-Clock
not-installed"perl-Tk-FontDialog
not-installed"perl-Tk-FontDialog
not-installed"perl-Tk-devel
not-installed"perl-Tree-DAG_Node
not-installed"perl-Try-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Type-Tiny
not-installed"perl-Types-Serialiser
not-installed"perl-UNIVERSAL-can
not-installed"perl-UNIVERSAL-isa
not-installed"perl-UNIVERSAL-moniker
not-installed"perl-UNIVERSAL-require
installed"perl-URI
not-installed"perl-URI-Find
not-installed"perl-URI-Nested
not-installed"perl-URI-db
not-installed"perl-Unicode-Collate
not-installed"perl-Unicode-LineBreak
not-installed"perl-Unicode-Map
not-installed"perl-Unicode-Map8
not-installed"perl-Unicode-Normalize
not-installed"perl-Unicode-String
not-installed"perl-Unix-Syslog
not-installed"perl-Variable-Magic
not-installed"perl-Verilog-Perl
not-installed"perl-WWW-Curl
not-installed"perl-WWW-Mechanize
not-installed"perl-WWW-PAUSE-CleanUpHomeDir
not-installed"perl-WWW-Pastebin-PastebinCom-Create
installed"perl-WWW-RobotRules
not-installed"perl-WWW-Shorten
not-installed"perl-Want
not-installed"perl-WeakRef
not-installed"perl-Web-MREST-CLI
not-installed"perl-Web-Machine
not-installed"perl-WebService-MusicBrainz
not-installed"perl-WebService-MusicBrainz
not-installed"perl-Win-Hivex
not-installed"perl-Wx
installed"perl-X11-Protocol
installed"perl-X500-DN
not-installed"perl-XML-Bare
not-installed"perl-XML-CommonNS
not-installed"perl-XML-DOM
not-installed"perl-XML-DOM-XPath
not-installed"perl-XML-Dumper
not-installed"perl-XML-Entities
not-installed"perl-XML-Filter-BufferText
not-installed"perl-XML-Generator-PerlData
not-installed"perl-XML-Handler-YAWriter
installed"perl-XML-LibXML
not-installed"perl-XML-LibXML
not-installed"perl-XML-LibXML-Simple
not-installed"perl-XML-LibXSLT
not-installed"perl-XML-Namespace
not-installed"perl-XML-NamespaceFactory
installed"perl-XML-NamespaceSupport
not-installed"perl-XML-NodeFilter
installed"perl-XML-Parser
not-installed"perl-XML-Parser-Lite
not-installed"perl-XML-RSS-LibXML
not-installed"perl-XML-RSS-LibXML
not-installed"perl-XML-RegExp
installed"perl-XML-SAX
installed"perl-XML-SAX-Base
installed"perl-XML-SAX-Expat
not-installed"perl-XML-SAX-ExpatXS
not-installed"perl-XML-SAX-Writer
not-installed"perl-XML-SemanticDiff
installed"perl-XML-Simple
not-installed"perl-XML-SimpleObject-LibXML
not-installed"perl-XML-Stream
not-installed"perl-XML-Structured
installed"perl-XML-Twig
not-installed"perl-XML-Writer
not-installed"perl-XML-Writer-String
installed"perl-XML-XPath
installed"perl-XML-XPathEngine
not-installed"perl-XML-XSLT
not-installed"perl-XSLoader
installed"perl-YAML
installed"perl-YAML-LibYAML
not-installed"perl-YAML-Perl
not-installed"perl-YAML-Syck
not-installed"perl-YAML-Tiny
not-installed"perl-aliased
installed"perl-apparmor
not-installed"perl-asa
not-installed"perl-autobox
not-installed"perl-autovivification
not-installed"perl-bareword-filehandles
installed"perl-base
not-installed"perl-base-32bit
not-installed"perl-biber
not-installed"perl-boolean
not-installed"perl-camgm
not-installed"perl-checkbot
not-installed"perl-clinkgrammar
not-installed"perl-common-sense
not-installed"perl-constant-boolean
not-installed"perl-constant-defer
not-installed"perl-doc
not-installed"perl-experimental
not-installed"perl-gdal
not-installed"perl-getdata
installed"perl-gettext
not-installed"perl-homedir
not-installed"perl-indirect
not-installed"perl-ldap
not-installed"perl-libconfigfile
not-installed"perl-libintl-perl
not-installed"perl-libprelude
installed"perl-libwww-perl
not-installed"perl-libxml-perl
not-installed"perl-local-lib
not-installed"perl-marisa
not-installed"perl-multidimensional
not-installed"perl-mythtv
not-installed"perl-namespace-autoclean
not-installed"perl-namespace-clean
not-installed"perl-obexftp
not-installed"perl-pcsc
not-installed"perl-qpid
not-installed"perl-qpid-proton
not-installed"perl-qt4
not-installed"perl-qt4-devel
not-installed"perl-razor-agents
not-installed"perl-slurm
not-installed"perl-solv
not-installed"perl-strictures
not-installed"perl-syntax
not-installed"perl-thrift
not-installed"perl-xfconf
not-installed"perl-xmltv
not-installed"perl-xrood-client-admin
not-installed"perl-yui
not-installed"perl-zypp
not-installed"perlref
installed"permissions
not-installed"permissions
not-installed"pesign
not-installed"pesign-obs-integration
not-installed"pfscalibration
not-installed"pfstools
not-installed"pfstools-devel
not-installed"pg_comparator
not-installed"pgaccess
not-installed"pgadmin3
not-installed"pgadmin3-lang
not-installed"pgn-extract
not-installed"pgn-extract
not-installed"pgn-extract-debuginfo
not-installed"pgn-extract-debugsource
not-installed"phalanx
not-installed"phantomjs
not-installed"phetsarath-fonts
installed"phonon-backend-gstreamer
not-installed"phonon-backend-vlc
not-installed"phonon-backend-vlc
not-installed"phonon-backend-vlc-debuginfo
not-installed"phonon-backend-vlc-debugsource
not-installed"phonon-devel
installed"phonon4qt5-backend-gstreamer
not-installed"phonon4qt5-backend-vlc
not-installed"phonon4qt5-backend-vlc
not-installed"phonon4qt5-backend-vlc-debuginfo
not-installed"phonon4qt5-backend-vlc-debugsource
not-installed"phonon4qt5-devel
not-installed"phonon4qt5-devel-32bit
not-installed"phoronix-test-suite
not-installed"photorec
not-installed"php-MythTV-0_27
not-installed"php-composer
not-installed"php-doc
not-installed"php-libkolab0
not-installed"php-libkolab1
not-installed"php-libkolabxml1
not-installed"php-mapi
not-installed"php-mythtv
not-installed"php-xapian
not-installed"php5
not-installed"php5
not-installed"php5-bcmath
not-installed"php5-bz2
not-installed"php5-calendar
not-installed"php5-ctype
not-installed"php5-curl
not-installed"php5-dba
not-installed"php5-devel
not-installed"php5-dom
not-installed"php5-enchant
not-installed"php5-exif
not-installed"php5-fastcgi
not-installed"php5-fileinfo
not-installed"php5-firebird
not-installed"php5-fpm
not-installed"php5-ftp
not-installed"php5-gd
not-installed"php5-gettext
not-installed"php5-gmp
not-installed"php5-ice
not-installed"php5-iconv
not-installed"php5-imap
not-installed"php5-intl
not-installed"php5-json
not-installed"php5-ldap
not-installed"php5-mbstring
not-installed"php5-mcrypt
not-installed"php5-mssql
not-installed"php5-mysql
not-installed"php5-odbc
not-installed"php5-opcache
not-installed"php5-openssl
not-installed"php5-pcntl
not-installed"php5-pdo
not-installed"php5-pear
not-installed"php5-pear-Auth_SASL
not-installed"php5-pear-Crypt_Blowfish
not-installed"php5-pear-DB
not-installed"php5-pear-DB_DataObject
not-installed"php5-pear-DB_DataObject_FormBuilder
not-installed"php5-pear-Date
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Austria
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Brazil
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Croatia
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Denmark
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_EnglandWales
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Finland
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Germany
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Iceland
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Ireland
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Italy
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Japan
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Netherlands
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Norway
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Portugal
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Romania
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Spain
not-installed"php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Sweden
not-installed"php5-pear-File
not-installed"php5-pear-File_IMC
not-installed"php5-pear-HTML_Common
not-installed"php5-pear-HTML_QuickForm
not-installed"php5-pear-HTTP_Request
not-installed"php5-pear-HTTP_Request2
not-installed"php5-pear-HTTP_WebDAV_Server
not-installed"php5-pear-Log
not-installed"php5-pear-MDB2
not-installed"php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_mysql
not-installed"php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_mysqli
not-installed"php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_pgsql
not-installed"php5-pear-Mail
not-installed"php5-pear-Mail_Mime
not-installed"php5-pear-Mail_mimeDecode
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_DIME
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_IDNA2
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_IMAP
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_LDAP
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_LDAP2
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_SMTP
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_Sieve
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_Socket
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_URL
not-installed"php5-pear-Net_URL2
not-installed"php5-pear-SOAP
not-installed"php5-pear-Services_Weather
not-installed"php5-pear-Text_CAPTCHA
not-installed"php5-pear-Text_Figlet
not-installed"php5-pear-Text_Password
not-installed"php5-pear-Text_Wiki
not-installed"php5-pear-XML_SVG
not-installed"php5-pear-XML_Serializer
not-installed"php5-pear-cache_lite
not-installed"php5-pear-channel-ezno
not-installed"php5-pear-channel-horde
not-installed"php5-pear-channel-phpunit
not-installed"php5-pear-channel-symfony
not-installed"php5-pear-channel-symfony2
not-installed"php5-pear-ezc-Base
not-installed"php5-pear-ezc-ConsoleTools
not-installed"php5-pear-ezc-Graph
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-DbUnit
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-File_Iterator
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-Object_Freezer
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-PHPUnit_MockObject
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_CodeBrowser
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_CodeCoverage
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_Timer
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_TokenStream
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-Text_Template
not-installed"php5-pear-phpunit-bytekit
not-installed"php5-pear-symfony-YAML
not-installed"php5-pear-symfony2-Console
not-installed"php5-pear-symfony2-Finder
not-installed"php5-pear-symfony2-Yaml
not-installed"php5-pgsql
not-installed"php5-phalcon
not-installed"php5-phar
not-installed"php5-posix
not-installed"php5-pspell
not-installed"php5-readline
not-installed"php5-redland
not-installed"php5-shmop
not-installed"php5-smarty3
not-installed"php5-smarty3-doc
not-installed"php5-snmp
not-installed"php5-soap
not-installed"php5-sockets
not-installed"php5-sqlite
not-installed"php5-suhosin
not-installed"php5-sysvmsg
not-installed"php5-sysvsem
not-installed"php5-sysvshm
not-installed"php5-tidy
not-installed"php5-tn3270
not-installed"php5-tokenizer
not-installed"php5-wddx
not-installed"php5-xmlreader
not-installed"php5-xmlrpc
not-installed"php5-xmlwriter
not-installed"php5-xsl
not-installed"php5-zip
not-installed"php5-zlib
not-installed"php7
not-installed"php7
not-installed"php7-bcmath
not-installed"php7-bz2
not-installed"php7-calendar
not-installed"php7-ctype
not-installed"php7-curl
not-installed"php7-dba
not-installed"php7-devel
not-installed"php7-dom
not-installed"php7-enchant
not-installed"php7-exif
not-installed"php7-fastcgi
not-installed"php7-fileinfo
not-installed"php7-firebird
not-installed"php7-fpm
not-installed"php7-ftp
not-installed"php7-gd
not-installed"php7-gettext
not-installed"php7-gmp
not-installed"php7-iconv
not-installed"php7-imap
not-installed"php7-intl
not-installed"php7-json
not-installed"php7-ldap
not-installed"php7-mbstring
not-installed"php7-mcrypt
not-installed"php7-mysql
not-installed"php7-odbc
not-installed"php7-opcache
not-installed"php7-openssl
not-installed"php7-pcntl
not-installed"php7-pdo
not-installed"php7-pear
not-installed"php7-pear-Archive_Tar
not-installed"php7-pgsql
not-installed"php7-phalcon
not-installed"php7-phar
not-installed"php7-posix
not-installed"php7-pspell
not-installed"php7-readline
not-installed"php7-shmop
not-installed"php7-snmp
not-installed"php7-soap
not-installed"php7-sockets
not-installed"php7-sqlite
not-installed"php7-sysvmsg
not-installed"php7-sysvsem
not-installed"php7-sysvshm
not-installed"php7-tidy
not-installed"php7-tokenizer
not-installed"php7-wddx
not-installed"php7-xmlreader
not-installed"php7-xmlrpc
not-installed"php7-xmlwriter
not-installed"php7-xsl
not-installed"php7-zip
not-installed"php7-zlib
not-installed"phpMyAdmin
not-installed"phpMyAdmin
not-installed"phpPgAdmin
not-installed"pia
not-installed"pianobar
not-installed"pianobar
not-installed"pianobar-debuginfo
not-installed"picard
not-installed"picard-lang
not-installed"picmi
not-installed"picmi-lang
not-installed"pico
not-installed"picocom
not-installed"picojson-devel
not-installed"pidentd
installed"pidgin
not-installed"pidgin-devel
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-advanced-sound-notification
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-advanced-sound-notification-lang
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-birthday-reminder
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-birthday-reminder-lang
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-embeddedvideo
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-guifications
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-guifications-lang
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-indicator
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-indicator-lang
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-libnotify
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-libnotify-lang
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-libsteam
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-mrim
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-openfetion
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-otr
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-otr-lang
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-pack
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-pack-extras
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-privacy-please
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-privacy-please-lang
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-prpltwtr
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-sipe
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-skype
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-skypeweb
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-telegram
not-installed"pidgin-plugin-xmpp-receipts
not-installed"piglit
installed"pigz
not-installed"pilot
not-installed"pilot-link
installed"pim-data-exporter
installed"pim-data-exporter-lang
installed"pim-sieve-editor
installed"pim-sieve-editor-lang
installed"pimcommon
not-installed"pimcommon-devel
installed"pimcommon-lang
not-installed"pin
installed"pinentry
not-installed"pinentry-gtk2
installed"pinentry-qt4
not-installed"pinfo
not-installed"pingtunnel
not-installed"pingus
not-installed"pink-pony
not-installed"pink-pony-data
not-installed"pinpoint
installed"pinta
installed"pinta-lang
installed"pipenightdreams
not-installed"pithos
not-installed"pitivi
not-installed"pitivi-lang
not-installed"pix
not-installed"pix-devel
not-installed"pix-lang
not-installed"pixmap
not-installed"pixz
not-installed"pk-update-icon
not-installed"pk-update-icon-lang
not-installed"pkTriggerCord
installed"pkcs11-helper
not-installed"pkcs11-helper-devel
installed"pkg-config
not-installed"pkipplib
not-installed"plank
not-installed"plank-devel
not-installed"plank-lang
not-installed"planner
not-installed"planner-devel
not-installed"planner-lang
installed"plasma-framework
not-installed"plasma-framework-32bit
installed"plasma-framework-components
not-installed"plasma-framework-components-32bit
not-installed"plasma-framework-devel
not-installed"plasma-framework-devel-32bit
installed"plasma-framework-lang
installed"plasma-framework-private
not-installed"plasma-framework-private-32bit
installed"plasma-nm5
not-installed"plasma-nm5-l2tp
installed"plasma-nm5-lang
not-installed"plasma-nm5-openconnect
not-installed"plasma-nm5-openswan
installed"plasma-nm5-openvpn
installed"plasma-nm5-pptp
not-installed"plasma-nm5-ssh
not-installed"plasma-nm5-sstp
not-installed"plasma-nm5-strongswan
installed"plasma-nm5-vpnc
not-installed"plasma-theme-oxygen
installed"plasma5-addons
installed"plasma5-addons-lang
installed"plasma5-defaults-openSUSE
installed"plasma5-desktop
installed"plasma5-desktop-lang
not-installed"plasma5-integration
installed"plasma5-integration-plugin
installed"plasma5-integration-plugin-lang
not-installed"plasma5-openSUSE
installed"plasma5-pa
installed"plasma5-pa-lang
installed"plasma5-pk-updates
not-installed"plasma5-pk-updates
installed"plasma5-pk-updates-lang
not-installed"plasma5-sdk
not-installed"plasma5-sdk-lang
installed"plasma5-session
installed"plasma5-theme-openSUSE
installed"plasma5-workspace
not-installed"plasma5-workspace
installed"plasma5-workspace-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"plasma5-workspace-devel
installed"plasma5-workspace-lang
installed"plasma5-workspace-libs
not-installed"plasma5-workspace-wallpapers
not-installed"plasmaengineexplorer5
not-installed"plasmoid-active-window-control
not-installed"plasmoid-webcamoid
not-installed"plasmoid-webcamoid
not-installed"plasmoid-webcamoid-debuginfo
not-installed"plasmoid-webcamoid-devel
not-installed"platformsh-cli
not-installed"plee-the-bear
not-installed"plee-the-bear-data
not-installed"plib-devel
not-installed"plistutil
not-installed"plotutils
not-installed"plotutils-devel
not-installed"plowshare
not-installed"plplot
not-installed"plplot-ada
not-installed"plplot-ada-devel
not-installed"plplot-devel
not-installed"plplot-doc
not-installed"plplot-fortran
not-installed"plplot-fortran-devel
not-installed"plplot-java
not-installed"plplot-lua
not-installed"plplot-python-qt
not-installed"plplot-qt
not-installed"plplot-qt-devel
not-installed"plplot-tcltk
not-installed"plplot-tcltk-devel
not-installed"plplot-wxwidgets
not-installed"plplot-wxwidgets-devel
not-installed"pluma
not-installed"pluma-devel
not-installed"pluma-lang
installed"plymouth
installed"plymouth-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"plymouth-devel
installed"plymouth-dracut
not-installed"plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber
not-installed"plymouth-plugin-label
installed"plymouth-plugin-label-ft
installed"plymouth-plugin-script
not-installed"plymouth-plugin-space-flares
not-installed"plymouth-plugin-throbgress
not-installed"plymouth-plugin-tribar
not-installed"plymouth-plugin-two-step
installed"plymouth-scripts
not-installed"plymouth-theme-breeze
not-installed"plymouth-theme-breeze-plugin-breeze
not-installed"plymouth-theme-fade-in
not-installed"plymouth-theme-script
not-installed"plymouth-theme-solar
not-installed"plymouth-theme-spinfinity
not-installed"plymouth-theme-spinner
not-installed"plymouth-theme-tribar
not-installed"plymouth-x11-renderer
not-installed"plzip
not-installed"pmidi
not-installed"pmount
not-installed"pmount
not-installed"pmount-debuginfo
not-installed"pmount-debugsource
not-installed"pmount-lang
not-installed"pms
not-installed"pms
not-installed"pms-debuginfo
not-installed"pms-debugsource
not-installed"png++
not-installed"png++-devel
not-installed"pngcheck
not-installed"pngcrush
not-installed"pngcrush
not-installed"pnglite-devel
not-installed"pngtoico
not-installed"pnm2ppa
not-installed"po4a
not-installed"po4a-lang
not-installed"pocl
not-installed"pocl-devel
not-installed"podofo
not-installed"poedit
not-installed"poedit-lang
not-installed"pogo
not-installed"pogo
not-installed"pointfree
not-installed"pointful
not-installed"polari
not-installed"polari-lang
not-installed"policycoreutils
not-installed"policycoreutils-lang
not-installed"policycoreutils-newrole
not-installed"policycoreutils-python
not-installed"policycoreutils-sandbox
installed"polkit
installed"polkit-default-privs
not-installed"polkit-devel
not-installed"polkit-doc
not-installed"polkit-gnome
not-installed"polkit-gnome-lang
not-installed"polkit-kde-agent-1
installed"polkit-kde-agent-5
installed"polkit-kde-agent-5-lang
not-installed"pology
not-installed"pology-lang
not-installed"polyglot
not-installed"polyglot
not-installed"polyglot-debuginfo
not-installed"polyglot-debugsource
not-installed"pommed
not-installed"pongix
not-installed"ponysay
not-installed"poppler
installed"poppler-data
not-installed"poppler-qt
not-installed"poppler-qt5
installed"poppler-tools
not-installed"popt-devel
not-installed"portaudio-devel
not-installed"portmidi
not-installed"portmidi-devel
not-installed"portmidi-java
not-installed"posix_cc
not-installed"posixovl
not-installed"post-build-checks
not-installed"poster
not-installed"postfish
installed"postfix
not-installed"postfix-devel
not-installed"postfix-doc
not-installed"postfix-lmdb
not-installed"postfix-mysql
not-installed"postfix-postgresql
not-installed"postfixadmin
not-installed"postgresql
not-installed"postgresql-contrib
not-installed"postgresql-devel
not-installed"postgresql-docs
not-installed"postgresql-init
not-installed"postgresql-jdbc
not-installed"postgresql-jdbc-javadoc
not-installed"postgresql-plperl
not-installed"postgresql-plpython
not-installed"postgresql-pltcl
not-installed"postgresql-server
not-installed"postgresql93
not-installed"postgresql93
not-installed"postgresql93-contrib
not-installed"postgresql93-devel
not-installed"postgresql93-docs
not-installed"postgresql93-libs
not-installed"postgresql93-plperl
not-installed"postgresql93-plpython
not-installed"postgresql93-plr
not-installed"postgresql93-plr-doc
not-installed"postgresql93-pltcl
not-installed"postgresql93-server
not-installed"postgresql93-test
not-installed"postgresql94
not-installed"postgresql94
not-installed"postgresql94-contrib
not-installed"postgresql94-devel
not-installed"postgresql94-docs
not-installed"postgresql94-libs
not-installed"postgresql94-plperl
not-installed"postgresql94-plpython
not-installed"postgresql94-plr
not-installed"postgresql94-plr-doc
not-installed"postgresql94-pltcl
not-installed"postgresql94-server
not-installed"postgresql94-test
not-installed"postgresql95
not-installed"postgresql95
not-installed"postgresql95-contrib
not-installed"postgresql95-devel
not-installed"postgresql95-docs
not-installed"postgresql95-libs
not-installed"postgresql95-plperl
not-installed"postgresql95-plpython
not-installed"postgresql95-pltcl
not-installed"postgresql95-server
not-installed"postgresql95-test
not-installed"postgresql96
not-installed"postgresql96
not-installed"postgresql96-contrib
not-installed"postgresql96-devel
not-installed"postgresql96-docs
not-installed"postgresql96-libs
not-installed"postgresql96-plperl
not-installed"postgresql96-plpython
not-installed"postgresql96-pltcl
not-installed"postgresql96-server
not-installed"postgresql96-test
not-installed"postgrey
not-installed"postsrsd
not-installed"pothana2000-fonts
not-installed"potrace
not-installed"potrace
not-installed"potrace-devel
not-installed"pound
not-installed"pound
not-installed"pound-doc
not-installed"povray
not-installed"powerd
installed"powerdevil5
installed"powerdevil5-lang
not-installed"powerline
not-installed"powerline-docs
not-installed"powerline-fonts
not-installed"powerman
not-installed"powerman-devel
not-installed"powermanga
not-installed"powermanga
not-installed"powermanga-debuginfo
not-installed"powermanga-debugsource
installed"powertop
installed"powertop-lang
not-installed"poxml-lang
installed"ppp
not-installed"ppp-devel
not-installed"ppp-userpass
not-installed"pps-tools
not-installed"pps-tools-devel
not-installed"ppsspp
not-installed"ppsspp
not-installed"ppsspp-debuginfo
installed"pptp
not-installed"pptpd
not-installed"pragha
not-installed"pragha-lang
not-installed"pragha-plugins
not-installed"pragha-plugins-devel
not-installed"prboom-plus
installed"prctl
not-installed"prelude-correlator
not-installed"prelude-lml
not-installed"prelude-lml-devel
not-installed"prelude-lml-rules
not-installed"prelude-manager
not-installed"prelude-manager-db-plugin
not-installed"prelude-manager-devel
not-installed"prelude-manager-smtp-plugin
not-installed"prelude-manager-xml-plugin
not-installed"prelude-tools
not-installed"preludedb-tools
not-installed"premake4
not-installed"presage
not-installed"presage-data
not-installed"presentproto-devel
not-installed"prewikka
not-installed"primus
not-installed"primus
not-installed"primus-32bit
not-installed"print_server
not-installed"printer-driver-brlaser
not-installed"printproto-devel
not-installed"prison-qt5-devel
not-installed"prison-qt5-devel-32bit
not-installed"privoxy
not-installed"privoxy-doc
installed"procinfo
installed"procmail
not-installed"procmeter
not-installed"procmeter-devel
installed"procps
not-installed"procps
not-installed"procps-devel
not-installed"profanity
not-installed"profanity-mini
not-installed"profanity-standard
not-installed"proftpd
not-installed"proftpd-devel
not-installed"proftpd-doc
not-installed"proftpd-lang
not-installed"proftpd-ldap
not-installed"proftpd-mysql
not-installed"proftpd-pgsql
not-installed"proftpd-radius
not-installed"proftpd-sqlite
not-installed"proj
not-installed"projectM
not-installed"projectM-data
not-installed"projectM-devel
not-installed"projectM-jack
not-installed"projectM-jack
not-installed"projectM-jack-debuginfo
not-installed"projectM-jack-debugsource
not-installed"projectM-libvisual-alsa
not-installed"projectM-libvisual-alsa
not-installed"projectM-libvisual-alsa-debuginfo
not-installed"prosody
not-installed"proteus
not-installed"proteus
not-installed"protobuf-c
not-installed"protobuf-devel
not-installed"protobuf-java
not-installed"protoc-gen-go
installed"providers
not-installed"proxychains
not-installed"proxychains
not-installed"proxychains-debuginfo
not-installed"proxychains-debugsource
not-installed"proxychains-ng
not-installed"proxymngr
not-installed"prozgui
not-installed"psgml
not-installed"psgplay
not-installed"psi+
not-installed"psi+-icons
not-installed"psi+-iconsets
not-installed"psi+-iconsets
not-installed"psi+-lang
not-installed"psi+-plugins-attentionplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-autoreplyplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-birthdayreminderplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-captchaformsplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-chessplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-cleanerplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-clientswitcherplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-conferenceloggerplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-contentdownloaderplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-devel
not-installed"psi+-plugins-enummessagesplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-extendedmenuplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-extendedoptionsplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-gmailserviceplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-gnome3supportplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-gnupgplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-gomokugameplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-historykeeperplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-icqdieplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-imageplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-jabberdiskplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-juickplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-messagefilterplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-otrplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-pepchangenotifyplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-psimediaplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-qipxstatusesplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-screenshotplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-skinsplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-stopspamplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-storagenotesplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-translateplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-videostatusplugin
not-installed"psi+-plugins-watcherplugin
not-installed"psi+-sounds
not-installed"psi+-themes
not-installed"psiconv
not-installed"psiconv-devel
not-installed"psl
not-installed"psl-make-dafsa
installed"psmisc
not-installed"psmisc
installed"psmisc-lang
not-installed"pspp
not-installed"pspp
not-installed"pspp-devel
not-installed"psqlODBC
not-installed"pssh
installed"pstoedit
not-installed"pstoedit-devel
installed"psutils
installed"pthread-stubs-devel
not-installed"ptokax
installed"ptools
not-installed"ptpd
not-installed"ptpd
not-installed"publicsuffix
not-installed"puddletag
not-installed"puddletag
not-installed"pugixml-devel
not-installed"pullin-bcm43xx-firmware
not-installed"pullin-bcm43xx-firmware
not-installed"pullin-fluendo-mp3
installed"pulseaudio
not-installed"pulseaudio
installed"pulseaudio-bash-completion
not-installed"pulseaudio-dlna
not-installed"pulseaudio-dlna
not-installed"pulseaudio-equalizer
not-installed"pulseaudio-esound-compat
not-installed"pulseaudio-gdm-hooks
installed"pulseaudio-lang
installed"pulseaudio-module-bluetooth
not-installed"pulseaudio-module-gconf
installed"pulseaudio-module-jack
installed"pulseaudio-module-lirc
installed"pulseaudio-module-x11
installed"pulseaudio-module-zeroconf
not-installed"pulseaudio-system-wide
installed"pulseaudio-utils
installed"pulseaudio-utils-32bit
not-installed"pulseaudio-zsh-completion
not-installed"pulseview
not-installed"pumpa
not-installed"pure-ftpd
installed"purpose
not-installed"purpose-32bit
not-installed"purpose-devel
not-installed"purpose-devel-32bit
installed"purpose-lang
not-installed"putty
not-installed"pv
not-installed"pvm
not-installed"pvm-devel
not-installed"pw3270
not-installed"pw3270-devel
not-installed"pw3270-java
not-installed"pw3270-javadoc
not-installed"pw3270-plugin-dbus
not-installed"pw3270-plugin-java
not-installed"pw3270-plugin-rexx
not-installed"pwgen
not-installed"pwlib
not-installed"pwlib-devel
not-installed"pwlib-plugins-v4l2
not-installed"py-fishcrypt
not-installed"pyalsa
not-installed"pyalsaaudio
not-installed"pyalsaaudio
not-installed"pyalsaaudio-debuginfo
not-installed"pyalsaaudio-debugsource
not-installed"pybliographer
not-installed"pybugz
not-installed"pycarddav
not-installed"pychecker
not-installed"pydb
not-installed"pydb
not-installed"pydf
installed"pymol
not-installed"pymp3cut
not-installed"pymp3cut
not-installed"pyprompter
not-installed"pyrex
not-installed"pyspacewar
not-installed"pythia-devel
not-installed"pythia-doc
installed"python
not-installed"python-32bit
not-installed"python-4Suite-XML
not-installed"python-APScheduler
not-installed"python-Attest
not-installed"python-Axiom
not-installed"python-BTrees
not-installed"python-BTrees-devel
not-installed"python-BTrees-doc
not-installed"python-Babel
not-installed"python-Babel-doc
not-installed"python-Beaker
not-installed"python-Brownie
not-installed"python-CDDB
not-installed"python-CXX
not-installed"python-CXX-devel
not-installed"python-Chameleon
not-installed"python-Cheetah
not-installed"python-CherryPy
not-installed"python-CherryPy
not-installed"python-ClientForm
not-installed"python-Coffin
not-installed"python-Coherence
not-installed"python-CouchDB
not-installed"python-CouchDB-doc
not-installed"python-Cycler
not-installed"python-Cython
not-installed"python-Distutils2
not-installed"python-Django
not-installed"python-Durus
not-installed"python-EasyProcess
not-installed"python-Epsilon
not-installed"python-Fabric
not-installed"python-Flask
not-installed"python-Flask-WTF
not-installed"python-Flask-WTF-doc
not-installed"python-Flask-doc
not-installed"python-FormEncode
not-installed"python-FormEncode-doc
not-installed"python-Frozen-Flask
not-installed"python-Genshi
not-installed"python-Genshi-doc
not-installed"python-GeoIP
not-installed"python-GitPython
not-installed"python-GooCalendar
not-installed"python-Jinja2
not-installed"python-Jinja2-emacs
not-installed"python-Jinja2-vim
not-installed"python-JsonWeb
not-installed"python-Kajiki
not-installed"python-Kivy
not-installed"python-Kivy-devel
not-installed"python-Kivy-doc
not-installed"python-LHAPDF
not-installed"python-Levenshtein
not-installed"python-Louie
not-installed"python-M2Crypto
not-installed"python-Mako
not-installed"python-Markdown
not-installed"python-MarkupSafe
not-installed"python-Markups
not-installed"python-Ming
not-installed"python-MiniMock
not-installed"python-MySQL-python
not-installed"python-MythTV-0_27
not-installed"python-OleFileIO_PL
not-installed"python-OpenColorIO
not-installed"python-OpenColorIO-devel
not-installed"python-OpenEXR
not-installed"python-OpenEXR-doc
not-installed"python-OpenImageIO
not-installed"python-Parsley
not-installed"python-Parsley-doc
not-installed"python-Paste
not-installed"python-PasteDeploy
not-installed"python-PasteScript
not-installed"python-Pillow
not-installed"python-Pillow-tk
not-installed"python-Pint
not-installed"python-PrettyTable
not-installed"python-PyAudio
not-installed"python-PyAudio-docs
not-installed"python-PyGithub
not-installed"python-PyICU
not-installed"python-PyJWT
not-installed"python-PyJWT
not-installed"python-PyMySQL
not-installed"python-PyPDF2
not-installed"python-PySocks
not-installed"python-PyVirtualDisplay
not-installed"python-PyWebDAV
not-installed"python-PyYAML
not-installed"python-PyYAML
not-installed"python-Pygments
not-installed"python-Pylons
not-installed"python-Rivet
not-installed"python-Routes
not-installed"python-SHERPA-MC
not-installed"python-SPARQLWrapper
not-installed"python-SQLAlchemy
not-installed"python-SQLAlchemy-Utils
not-installed"python-SQLAlchemy-doc
not-installed"python-SecretStorage
not-installed"python-Shapely
not-installed"python-Shed_Skin
not-installed"python-Shed_Skin-doc
not-installed"python-Sphinx
not-installed"python-Sphinx-doc
not-installed"python-Sphinx-latex
not-installed"python-Tempita
not-installed"python-Trolly
not-installed"python-Twisted
not-installed"python-Twisted-doc
not-installed"python-UcsSdk
not-installed"python-Unidecode
not-installed"python-WSGIProxy
not-installed"python-WSGIProxy2
not-installed"python-WSME
not-installed"python-WTForms
not-installed"python-WTForms-doc
not-installed"python-WTForms-lang
not-installed"python-WebError
not-installed"python-WebHelpers
not-installed"python-WebOb
not-installed"python-WebOb-doc
not-installed"python-WebTest
not-installed"python-WebTest-doc
not-installed"python-Werkzeug
not-installed"python-Werkzeug-doc
not-installed"python-Whoosh
not-installed"python-XlsxWriter
not-installed"python-YODA
not-installed"python-ZConfig
not-installed"python-ZConfig-doc
not-installed"python-ZEO
not-installed"python-ZEO-doc
not-installed"python-ZODB
not-installed"python-ZODB-doc
not-installed"python-ZODB3
not-installed"python-acme
not-installed"python-acme-doc
not-installed"python-adal
not-installed"python-aedir
not-installed"python-aioeventlet
not-installed"python-alabaster
not-installed"python-alembic
not-installed"python-amqp
not-installed"python-amqplib
not-installed"python-antlr
not-installed"python-antlr3_runtime
not-installed"python-anyjson
not-installed"python-ao
not-installed"python-aodhclient
not-installed"python-aodhclient-doc
not-installed"python-apache-libcloud
not-installed"python-apache-libcloud
not-installed"python-apfel
not-installed"python-apipkg
not-installed"python-appdirs
not-installed"python-appindicator
not-installed"python-apsw
not-installed"python-apsw-doc
not-installed"python-argcomplete
not-installed"python-argh
not-installed"python-argparse
not-installed"python-astroid
not-installed"python-async
not-installed"python-atspi
not-installed"python-attrs
not-installed"python-augeas
not-installed"python-autodoc
not-installed"python-automaton
not-installed"python-automaton-doc
not-installed"python-autopep8
not-installed"python-avahi
not-installed"python-avahi-gtk
not-installed"python-avogadro
not-installed"python-babelfish
not-installed"python-backports
not-installed"python-backports.functools_lru_cache
not-installed"python-backports.ssl_match_hostname
not-installed"python-backports_abc
not-installed"python-barbicanclient
not-installed"python-barbicanclient-doc
installed"python-base
not-installed"python-base-32bit
not-installed"python-bcc
not-installed"python-bcdoc
not-installed"python-bcrypt
not-installed"python-beautifulsoup
not-installed"python-beautifulsoup4
not-installed"python-beautifulsoup4-doc
not-installed"python-bencode
not-installed"python-betamax
not-installed"python-bibtex
not-installed"python-billiard
not-installed"python-binplist
not-installed"python-biplist
not-installed"python-bjoern
not-installed"python-blessings
not-installed"python-blinker
not-installed"python-blinker
not-installed"python-blist
not-installed"python-blosc
not-installed"python-bonobo
not-installed"python-boto
not-installed"python-boto
not-installed"python-boto-doc
not-installed"python-boto3
not-installed"python-boto3
not-installed"python-botocore
not-installed"python-botocore
not-installed"python-bottle
not-installed"python-braille
not-installed"python-bsddb3
not-installed"python-bsddb3-devel
not-installed"python-bugzilla
not-installed"python-bugzillatools
not-installed"python-bumpversion
not-installed"python-cached-property
not-installed"python-cachetools
installed"python-cairo
not-installed"python-cairo-devel
not-installed"python-cairocffi
not-installed"python-cairocffi-pixbuf
not-installed"python-caja
not-installed"python-caja-devel
not-installed"python-caja-lang
not-installed"python-caldav
not-installed"python-camgm
not-installed"python-capng
not-installed"python-carrot
not-installed"python-castellan
not-installed"python-castellan-doc
not-installed"python-cdecimal
not-installed"python-ceilometerclient
not-installed"python-ceilometerclient-doc
not-installed"python-celery
not-installed"python-celerymon
not-installed"python-ceph-compat
not-installed"python-cephfs
not-installed"python-cerealizer
not-installed"python-certbot
not-installed"python-certbot-apache
not-installed"python-certbot-dns-cloudflare
not-installed"python-certbot-dns-cloudxns
not-installed"python-certbot-dns-digitalocean
not-installed"python-certbot-dns-dnsimple
not-installed"python-certbot-dns-google
not-installed"python-certbot-dns-nsone
not-installed"python-certbot-dns-route53
not-installed"python-certbot-nginx
not-installed"python-certifi
installed"python-cffi
not-installed"python-characteristic
not-installed"python-chardet
not-installed"python-chewing
not-installed"python-cinderclient
not-installed"python-cinderclient-doc
not-installed"python-ciscoconfparse
not-installed"python-cl
not-installed"python-clang
not-installed"python-click
not-installed"python-cliff
not-installed"python-cliff-doc
not-installed"python-cliff-tablib
not-installed"python-cloudfiles
not-installed"python-cly
not-installed"python-cmd2
not-installed"python-cmdln
not-installed"python-colorama
not-installed"python-colorlog
not-installed"python-concurrentloghandler
not-installed"python-configargparse
installed"python-configobj
not-installed"python-configparser
not-installed"python-configshell
not-installed"python-configshell-doc
not-installed"python-configshell-fb
not-installed"python-configshell-fb-doc
not-installed"python-congressclient
not-installed"python-congressclient-doc
not-installed"python-construct
not-installed"python-contextlib2
not-installed"python-couchdbkit
not-installed"python-cov-core
not-installed"python-coverage
not-installed"python-cracklib
not-installed"python-crcmod
not-installed"python-croniter
installed"python-cryptography
not-installed"python-cryptopp
installed"python-cssselect
not-installed"python-cssutils
not-installed"python-ctypesgen
not-installed"python-cups
installed"python-curses
not-installed"python-cursive
not-installed"python-curtsies
not-installed"python-cwiid
not-installed"python-d2to1
not-installed"python-dateutil
not-installed"python-ddt
not-installed"python-debtcollector
installed"python-decorator
not-installed"python-dee
not-installed"python-defusedxml
not-installed"python-deltarpm
not-installed"python-demjson
not-installed"python-demo
not-installed"python-deprecation
not-installed"python-designateclient
not-installed"python-designateclient-doc
not-installed"python-detox
installed"python-devel
not-installed"python-dfVFS
not-installed"python-dfdatetime
not-installed"python-dfwinreg
not-installed"python-dialog
not-installed"python-dib-utils
not-installed"python-diff_match_patch
not-installed"python-dingus
not-installed"python-discid
not-installed"python-discover
not-installed"python-distorm3
not-installed"python-distutils-extra
not-installed"python-django-appconf
not-installed"python-django-athumb
not-installed"python-django-auth-ldap
not-installed"python-django-authopenid
not-installed"python-django-avatar
not-installed"python-django-celery
not-installed"python-django-dajax
not-installed"python-django-dajaxice
not-installed"python-django-dbtemplates
not-installed"python-django-debug-toolbar
not-installed"python-django-grappelli
not-installed"python-django-guardian
not-installed"python-django-international
not-installed"python-django-mailer
not-installed"python-django-mediasync
not-installed"python-django-navigation
not-installed"python-django-nose
not-installed"python-django-nose-selenium
not-installed"python-django-picklefield
not-installed"python-django-piston
not-installed"python-django-registration
not-installed"python-django-reversion
not-installed"python-django-static
not-installed"python-django-tastypie
not-installed"python-django_compressor
not-installed"python-django_openstack_auth
not-installed"python-djvulibre
not-installed"python-djvulibre-doc
not-installed"python-dnspython
not-installed"python-doc
not-installed"python-doc-pdf
not-installed"python-docker-py
not-installed"python-docker-py-test
not-installed"python-docker-pycreds
not-installed"python-dockerpty
not-installed"python-docopt
not-installed"python-docutils
not-installed"python-dogpile.cache
not-installed"python-dojango
not-installed"python-dpkt
not-installed"python-dtopt
not-installed"python-dulwich
not-installed"python-dulwich
not-installed"python-ec2deprecateimg
not-installed"python-ec2metadata
not-installed"python-ec2publishimg
not-installed"python-ec2uploadimg
not-installed"python-ec2utilsbase
not-installed"python-ecasound
not-installed"python-ecdsa
not-installed"python-ed25519ll
not-installed"python-editdistance
not-installed"python-efilter
not-installed"python-egenix-mx-base
not-installed"python-egenix-mx-base-devel
not-installed"python-egg
not-installed"python-elasticsearch
not-installed"python-entrypoint2
installed"python-enum34
not-installed"python-enzyme
not-installed"python-espeak
not-installed"python-ethtool
not-installed"python-etude
not-installed"python-evemu
not-installed"python-eventlet
not-installed"python-eventlet-doc
not-installed"python-evtx
not-installed"python-execnet
not-installed"python-execnet-doc
not-installed"python-extras
not-installed"python-eyeD3
not-installed"python-factory_boy
not-installed"python-fake-factory
not-installed"python-falcon
not-installed"python-farstream-0_1
not-installed"python-farstream-0_1-debuginfo
not-installed"python-fasteners
not-installed"python-fasteners
not-installed"python-fastimport
not-installed"python-faulthandler
not-installed"python-fcgi
not-installed"python-feedparser
not-installed"python-feedzilla
not-installed"python-fityk
not-installed"python-fixtures
not-installed"python-flake8
not-installed"python-flickrapi
not-installed"python-flup
not-installed"python-fpconst
not-installed"python-fpconst
not-installed"python-fs
not-installed"python-fudge
not-installed"python-funcparserlib
not-installed"python-funcsigs
not-installed"python-functional
not-installed"python-functools32
not-installed"python-fuse
not-installed"python-future
not-installed"python-futures
not-installed"python-futurist
not-installed"python-gamin
not-installed"python-gconf
not-installed"python-gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
not-installed"python-gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
not-installed"python-gdal
not-installed"python-gdata
not-installed"python-gdbm
not-installed"python-geopy
not-installed"python-geos
not-installed"python-getdata
not-installed"python-gevent
not-installed"python-gexiv2
not-installed"python-gitdb
not-installed"python-glanceclient
not-installed"python-glanceclient-doc
not-installed"python-glucat
not-installed"python-gnocchiclient
not-installed"python-gnocchiclient-doc
not-installed"python-gnome
not-installed"python-gnome-32bit
not-installed"python-gnome-devel
not-installed"python-gnome-dvb-daemon
not-installed"python-gnome-extras
not-installed"python-gnome-extras-devel
not-installed"python-gnomecanvas
not-installed"python-gnomedesktop
not-installed"python-gnomekeyring
not-installed"python-gnomeprint
not-installed"python-gnomevfs
not-installed"python-gnucash
not-installed"python-gnupg
installed"python-gobject
installed"python-gobject-Gdk
installed"python-gobject-cairo
not-installed"python-gobject-devel
installed"python-gobject2
not-installed"python-gobject2-devel
not-installed"python-goocanvas
not-installed"python-goocanvas-devel
not-installed"python-google-api-python-client
not-installed"python-google-apitools
not-installed"python-google-apitools
not-installed"python-google-apputils
not-installed"python-gpgme
not-installed"python-gpod
not-installed"python-gpsd
not-installed"python-greenlet
not-installed"python-greenlet-devel
not-installed"python-grequests
not-installed"python-gst
not-installed"python-gstreamer-0_10
not-installed"python-gstreamer-0_10
not-installed"python-gstreamer-0_10-debuginfo
not-installed"python-gstreamer-0_10-debugsource
not-installed"python-gstreamer-0_10-devel
installed"python-gtk
not-installed"python-gtk-devel
not-installed"python-gtk-doc
not-installed"python-gtk-vnc
not-installed"python-gtksourceview
not-installed"python-gtksourceview-devel
not-installed"python-gtkspell
not-installed"python-gtop
not-installed"python-gudev
not-installed"python-guessit
not-installed"python-gunicorn
not-installed"python-gunicorn-doc
not-installed"python-gupnp-igd
not-installed"python-h5py
not-installed"python-hachoir-core
not-installed"python-hachoir-metadata
not-installed"python-hachoir-parser
not-installed"python-halite
not-installed"python-happybase
not-installed"python-heatclient
not-installed"python-heatclient-doc
not-installed"python-hgtools
not-installed"python-hivex
not-installed"python-hl7apy
not-installed"python-holoviews
not-installed"python-hp3parclient
not-installed"python-html2text
not-installed"python-html5lib
not-installed"python-http-parser
not-installed"python-httplib2
not-installed"python-httplib2
not-installed"python-httpretty
not-installed"python-httpretty
not-installed"python-humanfriendly
not-installed"python-hypothesis
not-installed"python-ibus
not-installed"python-icalendar
not-installed"python-idle
installed"python-idna
not-installed"python-imagesize
not-installed"python-imagestore
not-installed"python-imobiledevice
not-installed"python-iniparse
not-installed"python-interlude
not-installed"python-invoke
not-installed"python-ioflo
not-installed"python-ipa_hbac
not-installed"python-ipaddr
installed"python-ipaddress
not-installed"python-iptables
not-installed"python-ipy
not-installed"python-ipython_genutils
not-installed"python-irclib
not-installed"python-ironic-inspector-client
not-installed"python-ironicclient
not-installed"python-ironicclient-doc
not-installed"python-iso8601
not-installed"python-isodate
not-installed"python-isort
not-installed"python-itsdangerous
not-installed"python-jdcal
not-installed"python-jedi
not-installed"python-jenkins-job-builder
not-installed"python-jenkinsapi
not-installed"python-jmespath
not-installed"python-jmespath
not-installed"python-jrnl
not-installed"python-jsonpatch
not-installed"python-jsonpath-rw
not-installed"python-jsonpointer
not-installed"python-jsonrpclib
not-installed"python-jsonschema
not-installed"python-junitxml
not-installed"python-jupyter_core
not-installed"python-jupyter_core-doc-html
not-installed"python-jupyter_nbformat
not-installed"python-jupyter_nbformat-doc
not-installed"python-jwcrypto
not-installed"python-k8sclient
not-installed"python-k8sclient-doc
not-installed"python-kaa-base
not-installed"python-kaa-metadata
not-installed"python-kafka-python
not-installed"python-katedj
not-installed"python-kazoo
not-installed"python-kde4
not-installed"python-kde4-devel
not-installed"python-kde4-doc
not-installed"python-kde4-khtml
not-installed"python-kde4-knewstuff
not-installed"python-kde4-phonon
not-installed"python-kde4-plasma
not-installed"python-kdebase4
not-installed"python-kerberos
not-installed"python-keybinder
not-installed"python-keyczar
not-installed"python-keyring
not-installed"python-keystoneauth1
not-installed"python-keystoneauth1-doc
not-installed"python-keystoneclient
not-installed"python-keystoneclient-doc
not-installed"python-keystonemiddleware
not-installed"python-keystonemiddleware-doc
not-installed"python-kid
not-installed"python-killswitch
not-installed"python-kiwi
not-installed"python-kmod
not-installed"python-kombu
not-installed"python-kopano
not-installed"python-krbV
not-installed"python-ktoblzcheck
not-installed"python-lash
not-installed"python-launchpadlib
not-installed"python-lazr.uri
not-installed"python-lazy-object-proxy
not-installed"python-lazy_object_proxy
not-installed"python-lcms
not-installed"python-ldap
not-installed"python-ldap3
not-installed"python-ldb
not-installed"python-ldb-32bit
not-installed"python-ldb-devel
not-installed"python-ldns
not-installed"python-lesscpy
not-installed"python-leveldb
not-installed"python-libaccounts
not-installed"python-libbde
not-installed"python-libcec
not-installed"python-libcec-debuginfo
not-installed"python-libesedb
not-installed"python-libevt
not-installed"python-libevtx
not-installed"python-libewf
not-installed"python-libexe
not-installed"python-libfsntfs
not-installed"python-libfvde
not-installed"python-libfwnt
not-installed"python-libfwsi
not-installed"python-libgsignon
not-installed"python-libguestfs
not-installed"python-libkolab0
not-installed"python-libkolab1
not-installed"python-libkolabxml1
not-installed"python-liblarch
not-installed"python-liblarch_gtk
not-installed"python-liblnk
not-installed"python-libmount
not-installed"python-libmount
not-installed"python-libmsiecf
not-installed"python-libnacl
not-installed"python-libolecf
not-installed"python-libpamtest
not-installed"python-libpff
not-installed"python-libpfm
not-installed"python-libprelude
not-installed"python-libpreludedb
not-installed"python-libproxy
not-installed"python-libqcow
not-installed"python-libregf
not-installed"python-libscca
not-installed"python-libsigscan
not-installed"python-libsmdev
not-installed"python-libsmraw
not-installed"python-libstoragemgmt
not-installed"python-libstoragemgmt-clibs
not-installed"python-libteam
not-installed"python-libvhdi
not-installed"python-libvmdk
not-installed"python-libvshadow
not-installed"python-libvslvm
not-installed"python-libxml2
not-installed"python-libxml2
not-installed"python-lilv
not-installed"python-linecache2
not-installed"python-lmiwbem
not-installed"python-lockfile
not-installed"python-logilab-common
not-installed"python-logutils
not-installed"python-louis
not-installed"python-louis
not-installed"python-lxc-python2
installed"python-lxml
not-installed"python-lxml-devel
not-installed"python-lxml-doc
not-installed"python-magic
not-installed"python-magic
not-installed"python-magnumclient
not-installed"python-magnumclient-doc
not-installed"python-managesieve
not-installed"python-manilaclient
not-installed"python-manilaclient-doc
not-installed"python-manilaclient-test
not-installed"python-manuel
not-installed"python-manuel-doc
not-installed"python-mapi
not-installed"python-marisa
not-installed"python-mate-menus
not-installed"python-mathgl
not-installed"python-matplotlib
not-installed"python-matplotlib-cairo
not-installed"python-matplotlib-designer
not-installed"python-matplotlib-gtk2
not-installed"python-matplotlib-gtk3
not-installed"python-matplotlib-latex
not-installed"python-matplotlib-qt-shared
not-installed"python-matplotlib-qt4
not-installed"python-matplotlib-qt5
not-installed"python-matplotlib-tk
not-installed"python-matplotlib-web
not-installed"python-matplotlib-wx
not-installed"python-maxminddb
not-installed"python-mccabe
not-installed"python-mechanize
not-installed"python-mechanoid
not-installed"python-metaextract
not-installed"python-miniupnpc
not-installed"python-mistralclient
not-installed"python-mistralclient-doc
not-installed"python-mistune
not-installed"python-mistune
not-installed"python-mlt
not-installed"python-mlt-debuginfo
not-installed"python-mock
not-installed"python-mockito
not-installed"python-mockldap
not-installed"python-monascaclient
not-installed"python-mongodict
not-installed"python-monkeysign
not-installed"python-monotonic
not-installed"python-monotonic
not-installed"python-morbid
not-installed"python-mox
not-installed"python-mox3
not-installed"python-mpd
not-installed"python-mpd
not-installed"python-mpi4py
not-installed"python-mpi4py-common-devel
not-installed"python-mpi4py-devel
not-installed"python-mpi4py-doc
not-installed"python-mpservlets
not-installed"python-mpservlets-doc
not-installed"python-mpservlets-tutorial
not-installed"python-mraa
not-installed"python-msgpack-python
not-installed"python-msrest
not-installed"python-msrestazure
not-installed"python-multi_key_dict
not-installed"python-muranoclient
not-installed"python-muranoclient-doc
not-installed"python-musicbrainz2
not-installed"python-musicbrainz2
not-installed"python-mutagen
not-installed"python-mygpoclient
not-installed"python-mygpoclient
not-installed"python-mysql-connector-python
not-installed"python-mythtv
not-installed"python-nautilus
not-installed"python-nautilus-devel
not-installed"python-nbxmpp
not-installed"python-nbxmpp-doc
not-installed"python-ncclient
not-installed"python-ncclient-doc
not-installed"python-ndg-httpsclient
not-installed"python-nemo
not-installed"python-neovim
not-installed"python-netaddr
not-installed"python-netifaces
not-installed"python-networkx
not-installed"python-neutronclient
not-installed"python-neutronclient-doc
not-installed"python-newt
not-installed"python-nghttp2
not-installed"python-nlopt
not-installed"python-nose
not-installed"python-nose-cover3
not-installed"python-nose-doc
not-installed"python-nose-exclude
not-installed"python-nosehtmloutput
not-installed"python-nosexcover
not-installed"python-notify
not-installed"python-notify-devel
not-installed"python-notify2
not-installed"python-notify2
not-installed"python-notmuch
not-installed"python-notmuch-doc
not-installed"python-novaclient
not-installed"python-novaclient-doc
not-installed"python-novaclient-test
not-installed"python-nss
not-installed"python-numexpr
installed"python-numpy
not-installed"python-numpy-devel
not-installed"python-numpy-doc-html
not-installed"python-numpydoc
not-installed"python-oauth
not-installed"python-oauth2
not-installed"python-oauth2-test
not-installed"python-oauth2client
not-installed"python-oauth2client
not-installed"python-oauth2client-django
not-installed"python-oauth2client-flask
not-installed"python-oauth2client-gce
not-installed"python-oauth2client-test
not-installed"python-oauthlib
not-installed"python-obexftp
not-installed"python-odfpy
not-installed"python-odict
not-installed"python-odorik
not-installed"python-openbabel
not-installed"python-opencv
not-installed"python-opencv-qt5
not-installed"python-opengl
not-installed"python-opengl-accelerate
not-installed"python-openpyxl
not-installed"python-openpyxl
not-installed"python-openqa_review
not-installed"python-openqa_review
not-installed"python-openstack-doc-tools
not-installed"python-openstack.nose_plugin
not-installed"python-openstackclient
not-installed"python-openstackclient-doc
not-installed"python-openstackdocstheme
not-installed"python-openstacksdk
not-installed"python-openstacksdk-doc
not-installed"python-openvswitch
not-installed"python-openvswitch-test
not-installed"python-optcomplete
not-installed"python-orbit
not-installed"python-orbit-devel
not-installed"python-os-api-ref
not-installed"python-os-client-config
not-installed"python-os-cloud-config
not-installed"python-os-testr
not-installed"python-os-testr-doc
not-installed"python-os-win
not-installed"python-os-win-doc
not-installed"python-osc-lib
not-installed"python-osc-lib-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.cache
not-installed"python-oslo.cache-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.concurrency
not-installed"python-oslo.concurrency-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.config
not-installed"python-oslo.config-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.context
not-installed"python-oslo.context-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.db
not-installed"python-oslo.db-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.i18n
not-installed"python-oslo.i18n-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.log
not-installed"python-oslo.log-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.messaging
not-installed"python-oslo.messaging-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.middleware
not-installed"python-oslo.middleware-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.policy
not-installed"python-oslo.policy-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.privsep
not-installed"python-oslo.privsep-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.reports
not-installed"python-oslo.reports-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.rootwrap
not-installed"python-oslo.rootwrap-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.serialization
not-installed"python-oslo.serialization-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.service
not-installed"python-oslo.service-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.utils
not-installed"python-oslo.utils-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.versionedobjects
not-installed"python-oslo.versionedobjects-doc
not-installed"python-oslo.vmware
not-installed"python-oslo.vmware-doc
not-installed"python-oslosphinx
not-installed"python-oslotest
not-installed"python-osprofiler
not-installed"python-osprofiler-doc
not-installed"python-packaging
not-installed"python-pam
not-installed"python-parallax
not-installed"python-param
not-installed"python-paramiko
not-installed"python-parsedatetime
not-installed"python-pass_python_keyring
not-installed"python-passlib
not-installed"python-path.py
not-installed"python-pathtools
not-installed"python-patsy
not-installed"python-pbr
not-installed"python-pbr-doc
not-installed"python-pcp
not-installed"python-pdfrw
not-installed"python-pecan
not-installed"python-pefile
not-installed"python-pep8
not-installed"python-persistent
not-installed"python-persistent-devel
not-installed"python-persistent-doc
not-installed"python-pexpect
not-installed"python-pickleshare
not-installed"python-pifpaf
not-installed"python-pika
not-installed"python-pika-pool
installed"python-pip
not-installed"python-pisock
not-installed"python-piston-mini-client
not-installed"python-pivy
not-installed"python-pivy
not-installed"python-pivy-debuginfo
not-installed"python-pivy-debugsource
not-installed"python-pkgconfig
not-installed"python-pkginfo
not-installed"python-plist
not-installed"python-pluggy
not-installed"python-ply
not-installed"python-ply-doc
not-installed"python-plyvel
installed"python-pmw
not-installed"python-podcastparser
not-installed"python-podcastparser
not-installed"python-polib
not-installed"python-polib-doc
not-installed"python-poppler
not-installed"python-poppler-qt4
not-installed"python-portpicker
not-installed"python-positional
not-installed"python-posix_ipc
not-installed"python-presage
not-installed"python-presagemate
not-installed"python-pretend
not-installed"python-proboscis
not-installed"python-process-tests
not-installed"python-progressbar
not-installed"python-protobuf
not-installed"python-pssh
not-installed"python-psutil
not-installed"python-psycopg2
not-installed"python-psycopg2-doc
not-installed"python-ptyprocess
not-installed"python-puppetboard
not-installed"python-puppetboard-apache
not-installed"python-puppetboard-uwsgi
not-installed"python-pushy
not-installed"python-pwquality
not-installed"python-py
not-installed"python-py-bcrypt
not-installed"python-py-cpuinfo
not-installed"python-py-doc
not-installed"python-py2pack
not-installed"python-py2pack
not-installed"python-pyBarcode
installed"python-pyOpenSSL
not-installed"python-pyOpenSSL-doc
not-installed"python-pyPEG2
not-installed"python-pyRFC3339
installed"python-pyasn1
not-installed"python-pyasn1-modules
not-installed"python-pybeam
not-installed"python-pybluez
not-installed"python-pybtex
not-installed"python-pybtex-doc
not-installed"python-pycadf
not-installed"python-pycadf-doc
not-installed"python-pycdio
not-installed"python-pycha
not-installed"python-pycountry
installed"python-pycparser
not-installed"python-pycrypto
not-installed"python-pycurl
not-installed"python-pycurl-doc
not-installed"python-pydot
not-installed"python-pydot3
not-installed"python-pydotplus
not-installed"python-pyenchant
not-installed"python-pyexiv2
not-installed"python-pyflakes
not-installed"python-pyftpdlib
not-installed"python-pygame
not-installed"python-pygame-devel
not-installed"python-pygame-doc
not-installed"python-pyghmi
not-installed"python-pygit2
not-installed"python-pyglet
not-installed"python-pygraphviz
not-installed"python-pyinotify
not-installed"python-pyinsane
not-installed"python-pyinsane2
not-installed"python-pykerberos
not-installed"python-pylibacl
not-installed"python-pylibacl-doc
not-installed"python-pyliblzma
not-installed"python-pyliblzma-doc
not-installed"python-pylibmc
not-installed"python-pylint
not-installed"python-pylons_sphinx_theme
not-installed"python-pylzma
not-installed"python-pymad
not-installed"python-pymad
not-installed"python-pymad-debuginfo
not-installed"python-pymad-debugsource
not-installed"python-pymetar
not-installed"python-pymongo
not-installed"python-pymp3cut
not-installed"python-pyocr
not-installed"python-pyparsing
not-installed"python-pyparsing-doc
not-installed"python-pypdf
not-installed"python-pyplete
not-installed"python-pypuppetdb
not-installed"python-pyquery
not-installed"python-pyramid
not-installed"python-pyramid-doc
not-installed"python-pyroute2
not-installed"python-pyrrd
not-installed"python-pysaml2
not-installed"python-pyscard
not-installed"python-pysendfile
not-installed"python-pyserial
not-installed"python-pyside
not-installed"python-pyside-devel
not-installed"python-pyside-doc
not-installed"python-pyside-shiboken
not-installed"python-pyside-shiboken-doc
not-installed"python-pyside-tools
not-installed"python-pyside-tools
not-installed"python-pyside-tools-debuginfo
not-installed"python-pyside-tools-debugsource
not-installed"python-pysmell
not-installed"python-pysmi
not-installed"python-pysnmp
not-installed"python-pysnmp-utils
not-installed"python-pysqlite
not-installed"python-pysrt
not-installed"python-pysvn
not-installed"python-pyte
not-installed"python-pytest
not-installed"python-pytest-cov
not-installed"python-pytest-doc
not-installed"python-pytest-runner
not-installed"python-python-daemon
not-installed"python-python-digest
not-installed"python-python-editor
not-installed"python-python-gammu
not-installed"python-python-gflags
not-installed"python-python-jenkins
not-installed"python-python-memcached
not-installed"python-python-mimeparse
not-installed"python-python-openid
not-installed"python-python-sql
not-installed"python-python-stdnum
not-installed"python-python-subunit
not-installed"python-python-termstyle
not-installed"python-python-urljr
not-installed"python-pytidylib
not-installed"python-pytidylib6
not-installed"python-pytools
not-installed"python-pytz
not-installed"python-pyuca
installed"python-pyudev
not-installed"python-pywbem
not-installed"python-pyweblib
not-installed"python-pyxb
not-installed"python-pyzmq
not-installed"python-pyzmq-devel
not-installed"python-qpid
not-installed"python-qpid-common
not-installed"python-qpid-proton
not-installed"python-qpid-proton-doc
not-installed"python-qpid-qmf
not-installed"python-qpid_messaging
not-installed"python-qrcode
not-installed"python-qscintilla
not-installed"python-qscintilla-sip
installed"python-qt4
not-installed"python-qt4-devel
not-installed"python-qt4-utils
not-installed"python-qt5
not-installed"python-qt5-devel
not-installed"python-qt5-utils
not-installed"python-rados
not-installed"python-raet
not-installed"python-random2
not-installed"python-rapi2
not-installed"python-rapi2-debuginfo
not-installed"python-rarfile
not-installed"python-rarfile-doc
not-installed"python-ravello-sdk
not-installed"python-rbd
not-installed"python-rdflib
not-installed"python-rdflib-doc
not-installed"python-rebulk
not-installed"python-redis
not-installed"python-redland
not-installed"python-rednose
not-installed"python-regex
not-installed"python-relatorio
not-installed"python-remoto
not-installed"python-reno
not-installed"python-reportlab
not-installed"python-repoze.lru
not-installed"python-repoze.sphinx.autointerface
not-installed"python-repoze.who
not-installed"python-requestbuilder
not-installed"python-requests
not-installed"python-requests-kerberos
not-installed"python-requests-mock
not-installed"python-requests-oauthlib
not-installed"python-requests-toolbelt
not-installed"python-requestsexceptions
not-installed"python-requirements-detector
not-installed"python-requirements-parser
not-installed"python-restkit
not-installed"python-retry_decorator
not-installed"python-retrying
not-installed"python-rfc3986
not-installed"python-rgw
not-installed"python-roman
not-installed"python-rope
not-installed"python-rpm-macros
not-installed"python-rpm-macros
not-installed"python-rrdtool
not-installed"python-rsa
not-installed"python-rst2pdf
not-installed"python-rsvg
not-installed"python-rtaudio
not-installed"python-rtaudio-debuginfo
not-installed"python-rtslib
not-installed"python-rtslib
not-installed"python-rtslib-fb
not-installed"python-rtslib-fb
not-installed"python-rtslib-fb-doc
not-installed"python-ruamel.base
not-installed"python-ruamel.ordereddict
not-installed"python-ruamel.yaml
not-installed"python-s3transfer
not-installed"python-s3transfer
not-installed"python-saharaclient
not-installed"python-saharaclient-doc
not-installed"python-salt-testing
not-installed"python-sanlock
not-installed"python-scapy
not-installed"python-scapy
not-installed"python-scgi
not-installed"python-scipy
not-installed"python-scipy-weave
not-installed"python-scitools
not-installed"python-scour
not-installed"python-scripttest
not-installed"python-seacucumber
not-installed"python-selinux
not-installed"python-semanage
not-installed"python-semantic_version
not-installed"python-semver
not-installed"python-send2trash
not-installed"python-senlinclient
not-installed"python-senlinclient-doc
not-installed"python-service_identity
not-installed"python-setools
not-installed"python-setproctitle
installed"python-setuptools
not-installed"python-setuptools-git
not-installed"python-setuptools_scm
not-installed"python-sh
not-installed"python-sievelib
not-installed"python-simplebayes
not-installed"python-simpleeval
not-installed"python-simplegeneric
not-installed"python-simplejson
not-installed"python-simplejson
not-installed"python-singledispatch
installed"python-sip
not-installed"python-sip-devel
installed"python-six
not-installed"python-six-doc
not-installed"python-slapdsock
not-installed"python-sleekxmpp
not-installed"python-slimit
not-installed"python-slimmer
not-installed"python-slip
not-installed"python-slip-dbus
not-installed"python-slip-gtk
not-installed"python-slowaes
not-installed"python-slumber
not-installed"python-smbc
not-installed"python-smbios
not-installed"python-smmap
not-installed"python-snowballstemmer
not-installed"python-socketpool
installed"python-solv
not-installed"python-sortedcontainers
not-installed"python-sphinx-testing
not-installed"python-sphinx_rtd_theme
not-installed"python-sphinxcontrib-breathe
not-installed"python-sphinxcontrib-docbookrestapi
not-installed"python-sphinxcontrib-httpdomain
not-installed"python-sphinxcontrib-issuetracker
not-installed"python-sphinxcontrib-pecanwsme
not-installed"python-sphinxcontrib-programoutput
not-installed"python-spyderlib
not-installed"python-sqlalchemy-migrate
not-installed"python-sqlparse
not-installed"python-sss_nss_idmap
not-installed"python-sssd-config
not-installed"python-statsd
not-installed"python-stevedore
not-installed"python-stevedore-doc
not-installed"python-stomper
not-installed"python-storm
not-installed"python-storm-django
not-installed"python-storm-mysql
not-installed"python-storm-postgresql
not-installed"python-storm-twisted
not-installed"python-suds-jurko
not-installed"python-sure
not-installed"python-svg2rlg
not-installed"python-svneverever
not-installed"python-swiftclient
not-installed"python-swiftclient-doc
not-installed"python-sympy
not-installed"python-systemd
not-installed"python-tables
not-installed"python-tables-doc
not-installed"python-tablib
not-installed"python-tabulate
not-installed"python-tagpy
installed"python-talloc
installed"python-talloc-32bit
not-installed"python-talloc-devel
not-installed"python-taskflow
not-installed"python-taskflow-doc
not-installed"python-tdb
not-installed"python-tdb-32bit
not-installed"python-tempest-lib
not-installed"python-temps
not-installed"python-tenacity
not-installed"python-termcolor
not-installed"python-terminado
not-installed"python-testpath
not-installed"python-testrepository
not-installed"python-testresources
not-installed"python-testscenarios
not-installed"python-testtools
not-installed"python-tevent
not-installed"python-tevent-32bit
not-installed"python-texttable
not-installed"python-thrift
installed"python-tk
not-installed"python-tlslite
not-installed"python-tlslite-doc
not-installed"python-tn3270
not-installed"python-tooz
not-installed"python-tooz-doc
not-installed"python-tornado
not-installed"python-tornado
not-installed"python-totem
not-installed"python-tox
not-installed"python-traceback2
not-installed"python-traitlets
not-installed"python-transaction
not-installed"python-transaction-doc
not-installed"python-translationstring
not-installed"python-translationstring-doc
not-installed"python-tre
not-installed"python-trollius
not-installed"python-troveclient
not-installed"python-troveclient-doc
not-installed"python-tsk
not-installed"python-tvdb_api
not-installed"python-tvdb_api
not-installed"python-tvrage
not-installed"python-tvrage
not-installed"python-tweepy
not-installed"python-twine
not-installed"python-txsocksx
not-installed"python-typing
not-installed"python-tzlocal
not-installed"python-ujson
not-installed"python-uncertainties
not-installed"python-unicodecsv
not-installed"python-unittest-xml-reporting
not-installed"python-unittest2
not-installed"python-uritemplate
not-installed"python-uritemplate
not-installed"python-urlgrabber
not-installed"python-urllib3
not-installed"python-urwid
not-installed"python-usb
not-installed"python-utidy
not-installed"python-utidy-devel-doc
not-installed"python-vcs
not-installed"python-vcversioner
not-installed"python-venusian
not-installed"python-venusian-doc
not-installed"python-versiontools
not-installed"python-veusz
not-installed"python-vips
not-installed"python-virtkey
not-installed"python-virtualbox
not-installed"python-virtualenv
not-installed"python-virtualenv-clone
not-installed"python-virtualenv-doc
not-installed"python-virtualenvwrapper
not-installed"python-vobject
not-installed"python-volatility
not-installed"python-voluptuous
not-installed"python-vte
not-installed"python-wadllib
not-installed"python-waitress
not-installed"python-warlock
not-installed"python-wcwidth
not-installed"python-weakrefmethod
not-installed"python-weave
not-installed"python-web.py
not-installed"python-webkitgtk
not-installed"python-webkitgtk-devel
not-installed"python-websocket-client
not-installed"python-websocket-client-test
not-installed"python-websockify
not-installed"python-websockify
not-installed"python-webunit
not-installed"python-wheel
not-installed"python-wikipedia
not-installed"python-wnck
not-installed"python-wrapt
not-installed"python-wsgi_intercept
not-installed"python-wsgiref
not-installed"python-wxWidgets
not-installed"python-wxWidgets-3_0
not-installed"python-wxWidgets-3_0-devel
not-installed"python-wxWidgets-3_0-lang
not-installed"python-wxWidgets-devel
not-installed"python-wxWidgets-lang
not-installed"python-xapian
not-installed"python-xapp
not-installed"python-xattr
installed"python-xcb-proto-devel
installed"python-xdg
not-installed"python-xklavier
not-installed"python-xlib
not-installed"python-xlrd
not-installed"python-xlwt
installed"python-xml
not-installed"python-xmldiff
not-installed"python-xmms2
not-installed"python-yaql
not-installed"python-yara
not-installed"python-youtube-dl
not-installed"python-yubico
not-installed"python-yui
not-installed"python-yum
not-installed"python-z3
not-installed"python-zake
not-installed"python-zaqarclient
not-installed"python-zaqarclient-doc
not-installed"python-zbar
not-installed"python-zbar-gtk
not-installed"python-zc.lockfile
not-installed"python-zc_buildout
not-installed"python-zdaemon
not-installed"python-zeroconf
not-installed"python-zeroconf
not-installed"python-zinnia
not-installed"python-zope.component
not-installed"python-zope.component-doc
not-installed"python-zope.configuration
not-installed"python-zope.configuration-doc
not-installed"python-zope.deprecation
not-installed"python-zope.deprecation-doc
not-installed"python-zope.event
not-installed"python-zope.event-doc
not-installed"python-zope.exceptions
not-installed"python-zope.exceptions-doc
not-installed"python-zope.hookable
not-installed"python-zope.hookable-doc
not-installed"python-zope.i18nmessageid
not-installed"python-zope.i18nmessageid-doc
not-installed"python-zope.interface
not-installed"python-zope.interface-doc
not-installed"python-zope.proxy
not-installed"python-zope.proxy-devel
not-installed"python-zope.proxy-doc
not-installed"python-zope.schema
not-installed"python-zope.schema-doc
not-installed"python-zope.testbrowser
not-installed"python-zope.testing
not-installed"python-zope.testrunner
not-installed"python-zypp
not-installed"python2-clustershell
not-installed"python2-compizconfig
not-installed"python2-kiwi
not-installed"python2-libtorrent-rasterbar
installed"python3
not-installed"python3-32bit
not-installed"python3-Attest
not-installed"python3-Babel
not-installed"python3-Beaker
not-installed"python3-Bottleneck
not-installed"python3-CXX
not-installed"python3-CXX-devel
not-installed"python3-CherryPy
not-installed"python3-CommonMark
not-installed"python3-CommonMark-doc
not-installed"python3-Cycler
not-installed"python3-Cython
not-installed"python3-Django
not-installed"python3-Durus
not-installed"python3-EasyProcess
not-installed"python3-Flask
not-installed"python3-Flask-WTF
not-installed"python3-Flask-doc
not-installed"python3-Frozen-Flask
not-installed"python3-Genshi
not-installed"python3-Genshi-doc
not-installed"python3-GeoIP
not-installed"python3-GitgExt
not-installed"python3-IPython
not-installed"python3-IPython-doc
not-installed"python3-Jinja2
not-installed"python3-Jinja2-emacs
not-installed"python3-Jinja2-vim
not-installed"python3-JsonWeb
not-installed"python3-Levenshtein
not-installed"python3-Mako
not-installed"python3-Markdown
not-installed"python3-MarkupSafe
not-installed"python3-Markups
not-installed"python3-MiniMock
not-installed"python3-PasteDeploy
not-installed"python3-Pillow
not-installed"python3-PrettyTable
not-installed"python3-PyICU
not-installed"python3-PyJWT
not-installed"python3-PyJWT
not-installed"python3-PyMySQL
not-installed"python3-PyPDF2
not-installed"python3-PyVirtualDisplay
not-installed"python3-PyWebDAV3-GNUHealth
not-installed"python3-PyYAML
not-installed"python3-Pygments
not-installed"python3-QtAwesome
not-installed"python3-QtPy
not-installed"python3-SPARQLWrapper
not-installed"python3-SQLAlchemy
not-installed"python3-SQLAlchemy-doc
not-installed"python3-Sphinx
not-installed"python3-Sphinx-doc
not-installed"python3-Tempita
not-installed"python3-Trolly
not-installed"python3-Twisted
not-installed"python3-Twisted-doc
not-installed"python3-WTForms
not-installed"python3-WebOb
not-installed"python3-WebOb-doc
not-installed"python3-Werkzeug
not-installed"python3-Werkzeug-doc
not-installed"python3-XlsxWriter
not-installed"python3-aeidon
not-installed"python3-aiohttp
not-installed"python3-alabaster
not-installed"python3-alembic
not-installed"python3-amqp
not-installed"python3-amqplib
not-installed"python3-anyjson
not-installed"python3-apache-libcloud
installed"python3-apparmor
not-installed"python3-appdirs
not-installed"python3-apsw
not-installed"python3-apsw-doc
not-installed"python3-argh
not-installed"python3-args
not-installed"python3-arrow
not-installed"python3-astroid
not-installed"python3-atspi
not-installed"python3-audioread
not-installed"python3-autopep8
not-installed"python3-babelfish
not-installed"python3-backports.shutil_get_terminal_size
not-installed"python3-backports.ssl_match_hostname
not-installed"python3-backports_abc
installed"python3-base
not-installed"python3-base-32bit
not-installed"python3-bcc
not-installed"python3-bcrypt
not-installed"python3-beautifulsoup4
not-installed"python3-beautifulsoup4-doc
not-installed"python3-betamax
not-installed"python3-biplist
not-installed"python3-blessings
not-installed"python3-blinker
not-installed"python3-blosc
not-installed"python3-boto
not-installed"python3-boto-doc
installed"python3-bottle
not-installed"python3-bpython
not-installed"python3-brlapi
not-installed"python3-bsddb3
not-installed"python3-bsddb3-devel
installed"python3-cairo
not-installed"python3-cairo-devel
not-installed"python3-cairocffi
not-installed"python3-cairocffi-pixbuf
not-installed"python3-caldav
not-installed"python3-case
not-installed"python3-ccm
not-installed"python3-ceph-argparse
not-installed"python3-cephfs
not-installed"python3-cerealizer
not-installed"python3-certifi
not-installed"python3-cffi
not-installed"python3-cffi-doc
not-installed"python3-chai
not-installed"python3-chardet
not-installed"python3-click
not-installed"python3-clint
not-installed"python3-clustershell
not-installed"python3-cmd2
not-installed"python3-colorama
not-installed"python3-colorlog
not-installed"python3-compizconfig
not-installed"python3-configobj
not-installed"python3-constantly
not-installed"python3-construct
not-installed"python3-cov-core
installed"python3-coverage
not-installed"python3-cracklib
not-installed"python3-cryptography
not-installed"python3-cssselect
not-installed"python3-cssutils
installed"python3-cups
installed"python3-cupshelpers
installed"python3-curses
not-installed"python3-curtsies
not-installed"python3-d2to1
not-installed"python3-dateutil
not-installed"python3-dbm
not-installed"python3-decorator
not-installed"python3-defusedxml
not-installed"python3-deprecation
installed"python3-devel
not-installed"python3-dfdatetime
not-installed"python3-dfwinreg
not-installed"python3-distutils-extra
not-installed"python3-django-appconf
not-installed"python3-django-picklefield
not-installed"python3-dnspython
not-installed"python3-doc
not-installed"python3-doc-pdf
not-installed"python3-docker-py
not-installed"python3-docker-py-test
not-installed"python3-docopt
not-installed"python3-docutils
not-installed"python3-dogpile.cache
not-installed"python3-ecdsa
not-installed"python3-editdistance
not-installed"python3-efl
not-installed"python3-efl-doc
not-installed"python3-efl-examples
not-installed"python3-entrypoint2
not-installed"python3-entrypoints
not-installed"python3-enzyme
not-installed"python3-evemu
not-installed"python3-extras
not-installed"python3-fake-factory
not-installed"python3-feedparser
not-installed"python3-fixtures
not-installed"python3-flake8
not-installed"python3-flexmock
not-installed"python3-future
not-installed"python3-gdal
not-installed"python3-gdata
not-installed"python3-gedit
not-installed"python3-geis
not-installed"python3-gevent
not-installed"python3-gexiv2
not-installed"python3-gmpy
not-installed"python3-gnupg
installed"python3-gobject
installed"python3-gobject-Gdk
installed"python3-gobject-cairo
not-installed"python3-gobject2
not-installed"python3-gobject2-devel
not-installed"python3-greenlet
not-installed"python3-greenlet-devel
not-installed"python3-gst
not-installed"python3-guessit
not-installed"python3-gunicorn
not-installed"python3-gunicorn-doc
not-installed"python3-h5py
not-installed"python3-hl7apy
not-installed"python3-holoviews
not-installed"python3-html2text
not-installed"python3-html5lib
not-installed"python3-http-parser
not-installed"python3-httplib2
not-installed"python3-idle
not-installed"python3-idna
not-installed"python3-imagesize
not-installed"python3-incremental
not-installed"python3-ipaddr
not-installed"python3-ipython_genutils
not-installed"python3-isodate
not-installed"python3-isort
not-installed"python3-itsdangerous
not-installed"python3-jedi
not-installed"python3-jellyfish
not-installed"python3-jsonschema
not-installed"python3-jupyter_client
not-installed"python3-jupyter_client-doc
not-installed"python3-jupyter_core
not-installed"python3-jupyter_core-doc-html
not-installed"python3-jupyter_nbformat
not-installed"python3-kde4
not-installed"python3-kde4-devel
not-installed"python3-kde4-doc
not-installed"python3-kde4-khtml
not-installed"python3-kde4-knewstuff
not-installed"python3-kde4-phonon
not-installed"python3-kde4-plasma
not-installed"python3-keepalive
not-installed"python3-kiwi
not-installed"python3-kombu
not-installed"python3-lazy-object-proxy
not-installed"python3-lazy_object_proxy
not-installed"python3-ldap3
not-installed"python3-ldb
not-installed"python3-ldb-32bit
not-installed"python3-ldb-devel
not-installed"python3-lesscpy
not-installed"python3-libaccounts
not-installed"python3-libarchive-c
not-installed"python3-libfvde
not-installed"python3-libfwnt
not-installed"python3-libgsignon
not-installed"python3-libprelude
not-installed"python3-libpreludedb
not-installed"python3-libscca
not-installed"python3-libsoc
not-installed"python3-libvslvm
not-installed"python3-linecache2
not-installed"python3-logilab-astng
not-installed"python3-logilab-common
not-installed"python3-louis
not-installed"python3-lxml
not-installed"python3-lxml-doc
not-installed"python3-matplotlib
not-installed"python3-matplotlib-cairo
not-installed"python3-matplotlib-gtk2
not-installed"python3-matplotlib-gtk3
not-installed"python3-matplotlib-latex
not-installed"python3-matplotlib-qt-shared
not-installed"python3-matplotlib-qt4
not-installed"python3-matplotlib-web
not-installed"python3-maxminddb
not-installed"python3-mccabe
not-installed"python3-metaextract
not-installed"python3-minidb
not-installed"python3-mistune
not-installed"python3-mistune
not-installed"python3-mock
not-installed"python3-mock-doc
not-installed"python3-mpi4py
not-installed"python3-mpi4py-devel
not-installed"python3-mpmath
not-installed"python3-mpmath-doc
not-installed"python3-mraa
not-installed"python3-msgpack-python
not-installed"python3-multidict
not-installed"python3-munkres
not-installed"python3-musicbrainzngs
not-installed"python3-nbxmpp
not-installed"python3-nbxmpp-doc
not-installed"python3-neovim
not-installed"python3-netifaces
not-installed"python3-networkx
installed"python3-nose
not-installed"python3-nose-cover3
not-installed"python3-nose-exclude
not-installed"python3-notify2
not-installed"python3-notmuch
not-installed"python3-numexpr
not-installed"python3-numpy
not-installed"python3-numpy-devel
not-installed"python3-numpy-doc
not-installed"python3-numpydoc
not-installed"python3-olefile
not-installed"python3-opencv
not-installed"python3-opencv-qt5
not-installed"python3-opengl
not-installed"python3-openpyxl
not-installed"python3-openpyxl
not-installed"python3-openqa_review
not-installed"python3-openshot
not-installed"python3-openshot-debuginfo
not-installed"python3-pandas
not-installed"python3-pandas-doc
not-installed"python3-param
not-installed"python3-paramiko
not-installed"python3-patsy
not-installed"python3-pbr
not-installed"python3-pbr-doc
not-installed"python3-pcp
not-installed"python3-pep8
not-installed"python3-pexpect
not-installed"python3-phue
not-installed"python3-pickleshare
not-installed"python3-pika
installed"python3-pip
not-installed"python3-piston-mini-client
not-installed"python3-pkgconfig
not-installed"python3-pkginfo
not-installed"python3-pluggy
not-installed"python3-ply
not-installed"python3-ply-doc
not-installed"python3-polib
not-installed"python3-polib-doc
not-installed"python3-process-tests
not-installed"python3-progressbar
not-installed"python3-prompt_toolkit
not-installed"python3-psutil
not-installed"python3-psycopg2
not-installed"python3-psycopg2-doc
not-installed"python3-ptyprocess
installed"python3-py
not-installed"python3-py
not-installed"python3-py-cpuinfo
not-installed"python3-py-doc
not-installed"python3-py-doc
not-installed"python3-pyBarcode
not-installed"python3-pyOpenSSL
not-installed"python3-pyOpenSSL-doc
not-installed"python3-pyPEG2
not-installed"python3-pyasn1
not-installed"python3-pyasn1-modules
not-installed"python3-pybeam
not-installed"python3-pycha
not-installed"python3-pycodestyle
not-installed"python3-pycparser
not-installed"python3-pycrypto
installed"python3-pycurl
not-installed"python3-pycurl-doc
not-installed"python3-pydicom
not-installed"python3-pydot3
not-installed"python3-pyenchant
not-installed"python3-pyfeyn
not-installed"python3-pyflakes
not-installed"python3-pyftpdlib
not-installed"python3-pygame
not-installed"python3-pygame-devel
not-installed"python3-pygame-doc
not-installed"python3-pyinotify
not-installed"python3-pylast
not-installed"python3-pylint
not-installed"python3-pymongo
not-installed"python3-pyparsing
not-installed"python3-pyparsing-doc
not-installed"python3-pyquery
not-installed"python3-pyrsistent
not-installed"python3-pysendfile
not-installed"python3-pyserial
not-installed"python3-pyside
not-installed"python3-pyside-devel
not-installed"python3-pyside-shiboken
not-installed"python3-pyside-shiboken-doc
not-installed"python3-pysrt
not-installed"python3-pysvn
not-installed"python3-pyte
not-installed"python3-pytest
not-installed"python3-pytest-cov
not-installed"python3-pytest-runner
not-installed"python3-python-editor
not-installed"python3-python-magic
not-installed"python3-python-mimeparse
not-installed"python3-python-mpd2
not-installed"python3-python-ptrace
not-installed"python3-python-sql
not-installed"python3-python-stdnum
not-installed"python3-python-termstyle
not-installed"python3-pytz
not-installed"python3-pyudev
not-installed"python3-pyx
not-installed"python3-pyx-doc
installed"python3-pyxdg
not-installed"python3-pyzmq
not-installed"python3-pyzmq-devel
not-installed"python3-qrcode
not-installed"python3-qscintilla
not-installed"python3-qt4
not-installed"python3-qt4-devel
not-installed"python3-qt5
not-installed"python3-qt5-devel
not-installed"python3-rados
not-installed"python3-rarfile
not-installed"python3-rarfile-doc
not-installed"python3-raven
not-installed"python3-rbd
not-installed"python3-rdflib
not-installed"python3-rdflib-doc
not-installed"python3-rebulk
not-installed"python3-recommonmark
not-installed"python3-redis
not-installed"python3-regex
not-installed"python3-relatorio
not-installed"python3-repoze.sphinx.autointerface
installed"python3-requests
not-installed"python3-requests
not-installed"python3-requests-mock
not-installed"python3-requests-toolbelt
not-installed"python3-rgw
not-installed"python3-rnginline
not-installed"python3-rope
not-installed"python3-rply
not-installed"python3-rpm
not-installed"python3-rpmconf
not-installed"python3-ruamel.base
not-installed"python3-ruamel.yaml
not-installed"python3-scikit-image
not-installed"python3-scipy
not-installed"python3-scripttest
not-installed"python3-semver
not-installed"python3-setproctitle
installed"python3-setuptools
not-installed"python3-setuptools-git
not-installed"python3-setuptools_scm
not-installed"python3-simpleeval
not-installed"python3-simplegeneric
installed"python3-simplejson
not-installed"python3-sip
not-installed"python3-sip-devel
not-installed"python3-six
not-installed"python3-six
not-installed"python3-six-doc
not-installed"python3-six-doc
not-installed"python3-sleekxmpp
installed"python3-smbc
not-installed"python3-snowballstemmer
not-installed"python3-socketpool
not-installed"python3-solv
not-installed"python3-spark_parser
not-installed"python3-speechd
not-installed"python3-sphinx_rtd_theme
not-installed"python3-sphinxcontrib-issuetracker
not-installed"python3-spyderlib
not-installed"python3-statsmodels
not-installed"python3-stdeb
not-installed"python3-stevedore
not-installed"python3-subliminal
not-installed"python3-sympy
not-installed"python3-tables
not-installed"python3-tables-doc
not-installed"python3-tabulate
not-installed"python3-talloc
not-installed"python3-talloc-32bit
not-installed"python3-talloc-devel
not-installed"python3-tdb
not-installed"python3-tdb-32bit
not-installed"python3-termcolor
not-installed"python3-terminado
not-installed"python3-testpath
not-installed"python3-testscenarios
not-installed"python3-testsuite
not-installed"python3-testtools
not-installed"python3-testtools-doc
not-installed"python3-tevent
not-installed"python3-tevent-32bit
not-installed"python3-textile
not-installed"python3-tk
not-installed"python3-tools
not-installed"python3-tornado
not-installed"python3-tox
not-installed"python3-tox-doc
not-installed"python3-traceback2
not-installed"python3-traitlets
not-installed"python3-transaction
not-installed"python3-trello
not-installed"python3-twine
not-installed"python3-typing
not-installed"python3-ujson
not-installed"python3-unittest-xml-reporting
not-installed"python3-unittest2
not-installed"python3-uritemplate
not-installed"python3-urllib3
not-installed"python3-urwid
not-installed"python3-usb
not-installed"python3-vcversioner
not-installed"python3-versiontools
not-installed"python3-veusz
not-installed"python3-vine
not-installed"python3-virtkey
not-installed"python3-virtualenv
not-installed"python3-virtualenv-doc
not-installed"python3-vobject
not-installed"python3-vtk
not-installed"python3-vtk-qt
not-installed"python3-wcwidth
not-installed"python3-websocket-client
not-installed"python3-websocket-client
not-installed"python3-websocket-client-test
not-installed"python3-websockets
not-installed"python3-wheel
not-installed"python3-wikipedia
not-installed"python3-wrapt
not-installed"python3-ws4py
not-installed"python3-xapp
not-installed"python3-xattr
not-installed"python3-xlib
not-installed"python3-xlrd
not-installed"python3-xlwt
not-installed"python3-xonsh
not-installed"python3-youtube-dl
not-installed"python3-zipstream
not-installed"python3-zope-proxy
not-installed"python3-zope.event
not-installed"python3-zope.interface
not-installed"pyzy-db-android
not-installed"pyzy-db-open-phrase
not-installed"pyzy-devel
not-installed"q4wine
not-installed"q4wine-lang
not-installed"qBittorrent
not-installed"qactus
not-installed"qalculate
not-installed"qbittorrent
not-installed"qbittorrent-nox
not-installed"qca
not-installed"qca-devel
not-installed"qconf
not-installed"qd-devel
not-installed"qdevicemonitor
not-installed"qdirstat
not-installed"qdox
not-installed"qdox-javadoc
not-installed"qdox-repolib
not-installed"qelectrotech
not-installed"qemacs
not-installed"qemu
not-installed"qemu
not-installed"qemu-arm
not-installed"qemu-block-curl
not-installed"qemu-block-dmg
not-installed"qemu-block-iscsi
not-installed"qemu-block-rbd
not-installed"qemu-block-ssh
not-installed"qemu-extra
not-installed"qemu-guest-agent
not-installed"qemu-ipxe
not-installed"qemu-ksm
not-installed"qemu-kvm
not-installed"qemu-lang
installed"qemu-linux-user
not-installed"qemu-linux-user
not-installed"qemu-ovmf-ia32
not-installed"qemu-ovmf-x86_64
not-installed"qemu-ovmf-x86_64-debug
not-installed"qemu-ppc
not-installed"qemu-s390
not-installed"qemu-seabios
not-installed"qemu-sgabios
not-installed"qemu-testsuite
not-installed"qemu-testsuite
not-installed"qemu-tools
not-installed"qemu-vgabios
not-installed"qemu-x86
not-installed"qgit
not-installed"qgle
not-installed"qgo
not-installed"qhexedit2
not-installed"qhexedit2-devel
not-installed"qhexedit2-doc
not-installed"qhull
not-installed"qhull-devel
not-installed"qiv
not-installed"qjackctl
not-installed"qjackctl-lang
not-installed"qlogic-rules
not-installed"qlvnictools
not-installed"qm
not-installed"qml-box2d
not-installed"qmmp
not-installed"qmmp
not-installed"qmmp-debuginfo
not-installed"qmmp-debugsource
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-debugsource
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-ffap
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-ffap-debuginfo
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-mpg123
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-mpg123-debuginfo
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-samplerate
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-samplerate-debuginfo
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-xmp
not-installed"qmmp-plugin-pack-xmp-debuginfo
not-installed"qnapi
not-installed"qoauth-devel
not-installed"qoauth-qt5-devel
not-installed"qore
not-installed"qore-asn1-module
not-installed"qore-asn1-module-doc
not-installed"qore-devel
not-installed"qore-devel-doc
not-installed"qore-doc
not-installed"qore-json-module
not-installed"qore-json-module-doc
not-installed"qore-mysql-module
not-installed"qore-mysql-module-doc
not-installed"qore-pgsql-module
not-installed"qore-pgsql-module-doc
not-installed"qore-sqlite3-module
not-installed"qore-sqlite3-module-doc
not-installed"qore-ssh2-module
not-installed"qore-ssh2-module-doc
not-installed"qore-uuid-module
not-installed"qore-uuid-module-doc
not-installed"qore-xml-module
not-installed"qore-xml-module-doc
not-installed"qore-yaml-module
not-installed"qore-yaml-module-doc
not-installed"qos
not-installed"qpdf
not-installed"qpdf
not-installed"qpdf-devel
not-installed"qpdfview
not-installed"qpdfview
not-installed"qpdfview-lang
not-installed"qperf
not-installed"qphotorec
not-installed"qpid-cpp-client
not-installed"qpid-cpp-client-devel
not-installed"qpid-cpp-client-devel-docs
not-installed"qpid-cpp-server
not-installed"qpid-cpp-server-ha
not-installed"qpid-cpp-server-store
not-installed"qpid-proton-devel
not-installed"qpid-proton-devel-doc
not-installed"qpid-qmf
not-installed"qpid-qmf-devel
not-installed"qpid-tools
not-installed"qpress
not-installed"qprint
not-installed"qps
not-installed"qputty
not-installed"qputty
not-installed"qputty-debuginfo
not-installed"qputty-debugsource
not-installed"qqwing
not-installed"qqwing-devel
not-installed"qrencode
not-installed"qrencode-devel
not-installed"qrupdate
not-installed"qrupdate-devel
not-installed"qrupdate-static
not-installed"qsapecng
not-installed"qsyncthingtray
not-installed"qsynergy
not-installed"qsynth
not-installed"qsynth
not-installed"qt3
not-installed"qt3-32bit
not-installed"qt3-devel
not-installed"qt3-devel-32bit
not-installed"qt3-devel-doc
not-installed"qt3-devel-examples
not-installed"qt3-devel-tools
not-installed"qt3-extensions
not-installed"qt3-man
not-installed"qt3-mysql
not-installed"qt3-postgresql
not-installed"qt3-sqlite
not-installed"qt3-unixODBC
not-installed"qt4-assistant-adp
not-installed"qt4-assistant-adp-devel
installed"qt4-qtscript
not-installed"qt4-qtscript-doc
not-installed"qt4-x11-tools
not-installed"qt4pas
not-installed"qt4pas-devel
not-installed"qt4pas-devel
not-installed"qt5ct
not-installed"qtc
not-installed"qtcurve-gtk2
not-installed"qtcurve-kde4
not-installed"qtcurve-qt5
not-installed"qterm
not-installed"qterminal
not-installed"qterminal-lang
not-installed"qtermwidget-qt4-data
not-installed"qtermwidget-qt4-devel
not-installed"qtermwidget-qt5-data
not-installed"qtermwidget-qt5-devel
not-installed"qtkeychain-devel
not-installed"qtkeychain-lang
not-installed"qtkeychain-qt5-devel
not-installed"qtodotxt
not-installed"qtractor
not-installed"qtractor
not-installed"qtractor-debuginfo
not-installed"qtractor-debugsource
not-installed"qtsmbstatus
not-installed"qtsmbstatus
not-installed"qtsmbstatus-debuginfo
not-installed"qtsmbstatus-debugsource
not-installed"qtsmbstatus-lang
not-installed"qtsmbstatus-light
not-installed"qtsmbstatus-light-debuginfo
not-installed"qtsmbstatus-server
not-installed"qtsmbstatus-server-debuginfo
not-installed"qtweetlib
not-installed"qtweetlib-debugsource
not-installed"qtweetlib-devel
not-installed"quadrapassel
not-installed"quadrapassel-lang
not-installed"quagga
not-installed"quagga
not-installed"quagga-devel
not-installed"quakespasm
not-installed"quantum-espresso
not-installed"quantum-espresso-doc
not-installed"quantum-espresso-openmpi
not-installed"quassel-base
not-installed"quassel-client
not-installed"quassel-client-qt5
not-installed"quassel-core
not-installed"quassel-mono
not-installed"quazip-devel
not-installed"quazip-doc
not-installed"qucs
not-installed"qucs-devel
not-installed"quickbook_1_58_0
not-installed"quilt
not-installed"quimup
not-installed"quimup
not-installed"quimup-debuginfo
not-installed"quimup-debugsource
not-installed"quiterss
not-installed"quiterss-lang
not-installed"quota
not-installed"quota-nfs
not-installed"quotatool
not-installed"qupzilla
not-installed"qupzilla-gnome-keyring
not-installed"qupzilla-kwallet
not-installed"qutebrowser
not-installed"qutecom
not-installed"qutecom
not-installed"qutecom-debuginfo
not-installed"qutecom-debugsource
not-installed"qutim
not-installed"qutim-devel
not-installed"qutim-plugin-aspeller
not-installed"qutim-plugin-hunspeller
not-installed"qutim-plugin-kdeintegration
not-installed"qutim-plugin-sdlsound
not-installed"quvi
not-installed"qv4l2
not-installed"qwebyast
not-installed"qwt-designer
not-installed"qwt-devel
not-installed"qwt-devel-doc
not-installed"qwt-examples
not-installed"qwt6
not-installed"qwt6-designer
not-installed"qwt6-devel
not-installed"qwt6-devel-doc
not-installed"qwt6-examples
not-installed"qx11grab
not-installed"qx11grab
not-installed"qx11grab-debuginfo
not-installed"qx11grab-debugsource
not-installed"qxmledit
not-installed"qxmledit-devel
not-installed"rabbitmq-java-client
not-installed"rabbitmq-server
not-installed"rabbitmq-server-plugins
not-installed"racer
not-installed"racket
not-installed"racket-devel
not-installed"racket-games
not-installed"racket-webserver
not-installed"radamsa
not-installed"radeontop
not-installed"radiotray
not-installed"radiotray-lang
not-installed"rados-objclass-devel
not-installed"radvd
not-installed"rage
not-installed"ragel
not-installed"raleway-fonts
not-installed"randrproto-devel
installed"ranger
not-installed"rapi2-tools
not-installed"rapi2-tools-debuginfo
not-installed"rapid-photo-downloader
not-installed"rapport
not-installed"raptor
not-installed"rar
not-installed"rar
not-installed"rarian
not-installed"rarian-devel
not-installed"rarian-scrollkeeper-compat
not-installed"rarpd
not-installed"rasdaemon
installed"rasmol
not-installed"raspberrypi-firmware
not-installed"raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi
not-installed"raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi2
not-installed"raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi3
not-installed"raspberrypi-firmware-extra
not-installed"rasqal
not-installed"raw-thumbnailer
not-installed"rawstudio
not-installed"rawstudio-lang
not-installed"razercfg
not-installed"razor-agents
not-installed"rbd-fuse
not-installed"rbd-mirror
not-installed"rbd-nbd
not-installed"rcc-runtime
not-installed"rcm
not-installed"rcs
not-installed"rdate
not-installed"rdesktop
not-installed"rdiff
not-installed"rdiff-backup
not-installed"rdist
not-installed"rdma-core
not-installed"rdma-core
not-installed"rdma-core-devel
not-installed"rdma-core-devel-32bit
not-installed"rdma-ndd
not-installed"rds-tools
not-installed"rds-tools-devel
not-installed"re2
not-installed"re2-devel
not-installed"re2c
installed"readline-devel
not-installed"readline-devel-32bit
installed"readline-doc
not-installed"readline5-devel
not-installed"readline5-devel-32bit
not-installed"rear
not-installed"reaver
not-installed"reaver
not-installed"reaver-debuginfo
not-installed"reaver-debugsource
not-installed"rebootmgr
installed"recode
not-installed"recode-devel
not-installed"recorditnow
not-installed"recorditnow
not-installed"recorditnow-backend-ffmpeg
not-installed"recorditnow-backend-ffmpeg-debuginfo
not-installed"recorditnow-backend-mplayer
not-installed"recorditnow-backend-mplayer-debuginfo
not-installed"recorditnow-debuginfo
not-installed"recorditnow-debugsource
not-installed"recorditnow-lang
not-installed"recordmydesktop
not-installed"recordproto-devel
not-installed"redeclipse
not-installed"redeclipse-data
not-installed"redis
not-installed"redis
not-installed"redland
not-installed"redland-storage-postgresql
not-installed"rednotebook
not-installed"rednotebook-lang
installed"redshift
not-installed"redshift-gtk
not-installed"regexp
not-installed"reiser4progs
not-installed"reiser4progs-devel
not-installed"reiserfs
not-installed"rekonq
not-installed"rekonq-doc
not-installed"rekonq-lang
not-installed"relaxngDatatype
not-installed"relaxngDatatype-javadoc
installed"release-notes-openSUSE
not-installed"release-notes-openSUSE
not-installed"remind
not-installed"remmina
not-installed"remmina-devel
not-installed"remmina-lang
not-installed"remmina-plugin-rdp
not-installed"remmina-plugin-spice
not-installed"remmina-plugin-vnc
not-installed"remmina-plugin-xdmcp
not-installed"remmina-plugins-gnome
not-installed"remote_desktop
not-installed"rendercheck
installed"renderproto-devel
not-installed"rep-gtk
not-installed"rep-gtk-devel
not-installed"reptyr
not-installed"resample
not-installed"rescue
not-installed"resolv_wrapper
not-installed"resolve-trivial-conflicts
not-installed"resource-agents
not-installed"resource-agents
not-installed"resourceproto-devel
not-installed"retext
not-installed"rfb
not-installed"rfbplaymacro
not-installed"rfbproxy
not-installed"rfc
installed"rfkill
installed"rgb
not-installed"rhino
not-installed"rhino-demo
not-installed"rhythmbox
not-installed"rhythmbox-devel
not-installed"rhythmbox-lang
not-installed"rime
not-installed"rinetd
not-installed"ripit
not-installed"ristretto
not-installed"ristretto-lang
not-installed"rk-devel
not-installed"rkhunter
not-installed"rkward
not-installed"rlwrap
not-installed"rmail
not-installed"rman
not-installed"rmedigicontrol
not-installed"rnd_jue
not-installed"rnd_jue-data
not-installed"rng-tools
not-installed"roar-devel
not-installed"roar-devel-debuginfo
not-installed"roaraudio
not-installed"roaraudio
not-installed"roaraudio-compat2
not-installed"roaraudio-debuginfo
not-installed"roaraudio-debugsource
not-installed"roaraudio-plugins
not-installed"roaraudio-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"roarpld
not-installed"roarpld
not-installed"roarpld-codechelper-gst
not-installed"roarpld-debuginfo
not-installed"roarpld-debugsource
not-installed"roarpld-devel
not-installed"roccat-arvo
not-installed"roccat-arvo-devel
not-installed"roccat-isku
not-installed"roccat-isku-devel
not-installed"roccat-iskufx
not-installed"roccat-iskufx-devel
not-installed"roccat-kone
not-installed"roccat-kone-devel
not-installed"roccat-koneplus
not-installed"roccat-koneplus-devel
not-installed"roccat-konepure
not-installed"roccat-konepure-devel
not-installed"roccat-konextd
not-installed"roccat-konextd-devel
not-installed"roccat-kovaplus
not-installed"roccat-kovaplus-devel
not-installed"roccat-lua
not-installed"roccat-lua-devel
not-installed"roccat-nyth
not-installed"roccat-nyth-devel
not-installed"roccat-pyra
not-installed"roccat-pyra-devel
not-installed"roccat-ryos
not-installed"roccat-ryos-devel
not-installed"roccat-savu
not-installed"roccat-savu-devel
not-installed"roccat-tools
not-installed"roccat-tools-devel
not-installed"roccat-tyon
not-installed"roccat-tyon-devel
not-installed"rockdodger
not-installed"rocksndiamonds
not-installed"rocksndiamonds-data
not-installed"rocs
not-installed"rocs-devel
not-installed"rocs-lang
installed"rofi
installed"rollback-helper
not-installed"root-tail
not-installed"rosa-media-player
not-installed"rosa-media-player
not-installed"rosa-media-player-debuginfo
not-installed"rosa-media-player-debugsource
not-installed"rosa-media-player-lang
not-installed"rosegarden
not-installed"rott
not-installed"roundcubemail
not-installed"rox-filer
installed"rp-pppoe
not-installed"rp-pppoe
installed"rpcbind
installed"rpm
installed"rpm-32bit
not-installed"rpm-build
not-installed"rpm-devel
installed"rpm-python
not-installed"rpmconf
not-installed"rpmdevtools
not-installed"rpmkey-packman
not-installed"rpmkey-packman
not-installed"rpmlint
not-installed"rpmlint
not-installed"rpmlint-Factory
not-installed"rpmlint-Factory-strict
not-installed"rpmlint-mini
not-installed"rpmlint-mini
not-installed"rpmlint-tests
not-installed"rpmorphan
not-installed"rpmrebuild
not-installed"rrdtool
not-installed"rrdtool
not-installed"rrdtool-cached
not-installed"rrdtool-devel
not-installed"rsh
not-installed"rsh-server
not-installed"rsibreak
not-installed"rsibreak-doc
not-installed"rsibreak-lang
not-installed"rsnapshot
not-installed"rsocket
not-installed"rsocket-32bit
not-installed"rsound
not-installed"rsound
not-installed"rsound-debuginfo
not-installed"rsound-debugsource
not-installed"rss-glx
not-installed"rss2email
not-installed"rssguard
not-installed"rssguard-lang
not-installed"rsstail
not-installed"rst2html5
not-installed"rstart
not-installed"rstcheck
not-installed"rsvg-thumbnailer
not-installed"rsvg-view
not-installed"rsvg2-sharp
installed"rsync
not-installed"rsync
not-installed"rsyslog
not-installed"rsyslog-diag-tools
not-installed"rsyslog-doc
not-installed"rsyslog-module-dbi
not-installed"rsyslog-module-elasticsearch
not-installed"rsyslog-module-gcrypt
not-installed"rsyslog-module-gssapi
not-installed"rsyslog-module-gtls
not-installed"rsyslog-module-guardtime
not-installed"rsyslog-module-mmnormalize
not-installed"rsyslog-module-mysql
not-installed"rsyslog-module-omamqp1
not-installed"rsyslog-module-omhttpfs
not-installed"rsyslog-module-omtcl
not-installed"rsyslog-module-pgsql
not-installed"rsyslog-module-relp
not-installed"rsyslog-module-snmp
not-installed"rsyslog-module-udpspoof
not-installed"rt2860
not-installed"rtags
not-installed"rtaudio
not-installed"rtaudio-debugsource
not-installed"rtaudio-devel
installed"rtkit
not-installed"rtl-sdr
not-installed"rtl-sdr-devel
not-installed"rtl-sdr-udev
not-installed"rtmidi
not-installed"rtmidi-devel
not-installed"rtmpdump
not-installed"rtmpdump
not-installed"rtmpdump-debuginfo
not-installed"rtmpdump-debugsource
not-installed"rtmpgw
not-installed"rtmpgw-debuginfo
not-installed"rtmpsrv
not-installed"rtmpsrv-debuginfo
not-installed"rtmpsuck
not-installed"rtmpsuck-debuginfo
not-installed"rtorrent
not-installed"rtorrent-vim
not-installed"rubber
installed"rubberband-cli
not-installed"rubberband-ladspa
not-installed"rubberband-ladspa-32bit
not-installed"rubberband-vamp
not-installed"rubberband-vamp-32bit
installed"ruby
not-installed"ruby-apparmor
not-installed"ruby-camgm
installed"ruby-common
not-installed"ruby-devel
not-installed"ruby-ecasound
not-installed"ruby-geos
not-installed"ruby-libprelude
not-installed"ruby-marisa
not-installed"ruby-obexftp
not-installed"ruby-qt4
not-installed"ruby-qt4-devel
not-installed"ruby-redland
not-installed"ruby-rrdtool
not-installed"ruby-selinux
not-installed"ruby-solv
not-installed"ruby-xapian
not-installed"ruby-yui
not-installed"ruby-zypp
installed"ruby2.1
not-installed"ruby2.1-devel
not-installed"ruby2.1-devel-extra
not-installed"ruby2.1-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-doc-ri
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract-testsuite
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract_method
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract_method-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-actionpack-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-actionview-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activejob-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activemodel-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activesupport-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-airbrussh
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-airbrussh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-arel
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-7
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc-7
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-augeas-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-builder
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-builder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-builder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-byebug
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-byebug-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-harrow
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-stats
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa-doc
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa_grub2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cheetah
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cheetah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-source
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colorator
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colorator-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colored
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colored-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colored-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-commander
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-commander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-commander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-concurrent-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cri
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cssmin
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-cssmin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-daemons
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-daemons-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-debug_inspector
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job_active_record
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job_active_record-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-devise
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-dice
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-dice-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-docile
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-docile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-docile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-eventmachine
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-eventmachine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-excon
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-excon-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-excon-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-execjs
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-execjs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-facter
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-facter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-facter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl_rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-file-tail
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-file-tail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-flog
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-flog-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-flog-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gem2rpm
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gli
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-globalid
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-globalid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-haml
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-highline
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hike
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hub
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-hub-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-watch
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jmespath
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jmespath-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-json
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-json_pure
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-json_pure-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-libyui-rake
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-listen
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-locale
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-locale-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-locale-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-log4r
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-log4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-lolcat
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-lolcat-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mail
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-data
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_magick
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_magick-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-shellout
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-open4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-open4-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-open4-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-owncloud-admin
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-paint
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-paint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pg
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pg-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-polyglot
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-polyglot-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pry
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puma
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puma-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ra10ke
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ra10ke-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-railties-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rake
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-inotify
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-kqueue
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-responders
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-responders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-restility
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-restility-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-restility-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rouge
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rouge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-core
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-core-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-expectations
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-mocks
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-support
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-support-doc
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc
installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-libvirt
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-shadow
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_dep
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sass
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sigdump
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sigdump-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simple_oauth
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc-3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-spring
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-rails
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-strptime
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-strptime-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-term-ansicolor
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-text
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-text-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-text-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-thor
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-thor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-thor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-timers
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-timers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-timers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tins
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tins-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-source
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-data
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-doc-2
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-driver
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-extensions
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-xml-simple
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-xml-simple-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yard
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yard-doc
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yard-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yast-rake
not-installed"ruby2.1-rubygem-yast-rake-doc
installed"ruby2.1-stdlib
not-installed"ruby2.2
not-installed"ruby2.2-devel
not-installed"ruby2.2-devel-extra
not-installed"ruby2.2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-doc-ri
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract_method
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract_method-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-actionpack-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-actionview-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activejob-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activemodel-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activesupport-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-airbrussh
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-airbrussh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-arel
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-7
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc-7
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-augeas-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-builder
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-builder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-builder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-byebug
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-byebug-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-harrow
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-stats
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa_grub2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cheetah
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cheetah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-source
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-colorator
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-colorator-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-commander
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-commander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-commander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-concurrent-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cri
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cssmin
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-cssmin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-daemons
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-daemons-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-debug_inspector
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-devise
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-docile
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-docile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-docile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-eventmachine
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-eventmachine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-excon
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-excon-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-excon-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-execjs
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-execjs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-facter
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-facter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-facter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl_rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-file-tail
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-file-tail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-flog
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-flog-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-flog-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gem2rpm
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gli
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-globalid
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-globalid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-haml
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-highline
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hike
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hub
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-hub-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-watch
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jmespath
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jmespath-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-json
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-json_pure
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-json_pure-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-libyui-rake
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-listen
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-locale
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-locale-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-locale-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-log4r
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-log4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-lolcat
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-lolcat-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mail
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-data
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_magick
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_magick-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-shellout
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-open4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-open4-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-open4-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-owncloud-admin
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-paint
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-paint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pg
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pg-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-polyglot
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-polyglot-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pry
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puma
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puma-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ra10ke
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ra10ke-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-railties-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rake
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-inotify
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-kqueue
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-responders
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-responders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-restility
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-restility-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-restility-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rouge
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rouge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-core
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-core-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-expectations
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-mocks
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-support
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-support-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-libvirt
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-shadow
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_dep
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sass
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sigdump
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sigdump-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simple_oauth
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc-3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-spring
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-rails
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-strptime
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-strptime-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-term-ansicolor
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-text
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-text-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-text-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-thor
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-thor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-thor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-timers
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-timers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-timers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tins
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tins-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-source
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-data
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-doc-2
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-driver
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-extensions
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-xml-simple
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-xml-simple-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yard
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yard-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yard-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yast-rake
not-installed"ruby2.2-rubygem-yast-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.2-stdlib
not-installed"ruby2.2-tk
not-installed"ruby2.3
not-installed"ruby2.3-devel
not-installed"ruby2.3-devel-extra
not-installed"ruby2.3-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-doc-ri
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract_method
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract_method-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-actionpack-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-actionview-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activejob-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activemodel-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activesupport-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-airbrussh
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-airbrussh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-arel
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-7
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc-7
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-augeas-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-builder
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-builder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-builder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-byebug
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-byebug-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-harrow
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-stats
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa_grub2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cheetah
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cheetah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-source
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-colorator
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-colorator-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-commander
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-commander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-commander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-concurrent-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cri
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cssmin
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-cssmin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-daemons
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-daemons-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-debug_inspector
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-devise
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-docile
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-docile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-docile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-eventmachine
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-eventmachine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-excon
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-excon-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-excon-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-execjs
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-execjs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-facter
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-facter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-facter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl_rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-file-tail
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-file-tail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-flog
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-flog-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-flog-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gem2rpm
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gli
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-globalid
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-globalid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-haml
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-highline
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hike
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hub
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-hub-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-watch
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jmespath
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jmespath-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-json
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-json_pure
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-json_pure-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-libyui-rake
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-listen
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-locale
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-locale-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-locale-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-log4r
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-log4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-lolcat
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-lolcat-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mail
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-data
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_magick
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_magick-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-shellout
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-open4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-open4-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-open4-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-owncloud-admin
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-paint
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-paint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pg
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pg-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-polyglot
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-polyglot-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pry
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puma
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puma-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ra10ke
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ra10ke-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-railties-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rake
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-inotify
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-kqueue
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-responders
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-responders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-restility
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-restility-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-restility-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rouge
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rouge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-core
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-core-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-expectations
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-mocks
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-support
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-support-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-libvirt
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-shadow
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_dep
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sass
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sigdump
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sigdump-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simple_oauth
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc-3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-spring
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-rails
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-strptime
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-strptime-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-term-ansicolor
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-text
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-text-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-text-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-thor
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-thor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-thor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-timers
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-timers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-timers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tins
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tins-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-source
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-data
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-doc-2
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-driver
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-extensions
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-xml-simple
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-xml-simple-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yard
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yard-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yard-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yast-rake
not-installed"ruby2.3-rubygem-yast-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.3-stdlib
not-installed"ruby2.3-tk
not-installed"ruby2.4
not-installed"ruby2.4-devel
not-installed"ruby2.4-devel-extra
not-installed"ruby2.4-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-doc-ri
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract_method
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract_method-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-actionpack-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-actionview-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activejob-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activemodel-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activesupport-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-airbrussh
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-airbrussh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-arel
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-7
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc-7
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-augeas-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-builder
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-builder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-builder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-byebug
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-byebug-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-harrow
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-stats
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa_grub2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cheetah
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cheetah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-source
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-colorator
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-colorator-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-commander
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-commander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-commander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-concurrent-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cri
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cssmin
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-cssmin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-daemons
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-daemons-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-debug_inspector
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-devise
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-docile
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-docile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-docile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-eventmachine
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-eventmachine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-excon
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-excon-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-excon-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-execjs
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-execjs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-facter
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-facter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-facter-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl_rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-file-tail
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-file-tail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-flog
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-flog-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-flog-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gem2rpm
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gli
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-globalid
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-globalid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-haml
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-highline
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hike
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hub
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-hub-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-watch
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jmespath
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jmespath-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-json
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-json_pure
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-json_pure-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-libyui-rake
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-listen
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-locale
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-locale-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-locale-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-log4r
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-log4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-lolcat
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-lolcat-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mail
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-data
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_magick
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_magick-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-minitar
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-minitar-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-shellout
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-multi_json
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-multi_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-open4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-open4-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-open4-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-owncloud-admin
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-paint
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-paint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pg
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pg-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pg-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-polyglot
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-polyglot-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pry
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puma
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puma-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ra10ke
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ra10ke-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-i18n
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-railties-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rake
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-inotify
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-kqueue
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-responders
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-responders-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-restility
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-restility-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-restility-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rouge
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rouge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-core
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-core-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-expectations
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-mocks
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-puppet
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-support
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-support-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-augeas
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-libvirt
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-shadow
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_dep
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sass
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sigdump
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sigdump-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simple_oauth
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc-3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-spring
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-rails
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-strptime
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-strptime-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-term-ansicolor
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-text
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-text-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-text-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-thor
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-thor-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-thor-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-timers
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-timers-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-timers-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tins
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tins-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-source
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-data
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-doc-2
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-driver
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-extensions
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-xml-simple
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-xml-simple-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yard
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yard-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yard-testsuite
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yast-rake
not-installed"ruby2.4-rubygem-yast-rake-doc
not-installed"ruby2.4-stdlib
not-installed"rubygem-amq-protocol
not-installed"rubygem-amq-protocol-doc
not-installed"rubygem-amq-protocol-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-builder-3_0
not-installed"rubygem-builder-3_0-doc
not-installed"rubygem-builder-3_0-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-cancan
not-installed"rubygem-cancan-doc
not-installed"rubygem-cancan-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-devise_unix2_chkpwd_authenticatable
not-installed"rubygem-devise_unix2_chkpwd_authenticatable-doc
not-installed"rubygem-facter
not-installed"rubygem-gettext_activerecord
not-installed"rubygem-gettext_activerecord-doc
not-installed"rubygem-gettext_activerecord-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-hiera
not-installed"rubygem-hub
not-installed"rubygem-hub-bash-completion
not-installed"rubygem-hub-zsh-completion
not-installed"rubygem-libguestfs
not-installed"rubygem-libwebsocket
not-installed"rubygem-libwebsocket-doc
not-installed"rubygem-libwebsocket-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-mail-2_4
not-installed"rubygem-mail-2_4-doc
not-installed"rubygem-mcollective
not-installed"rubygem-mcollective-bash-completion
not-installed"rubygem-mcollective-client
not-installed"rubygem-mcollective-server
not-installed"rubygem-mcollective-zsh-completion
not-installed"rubygem-orm_adapter
not-installed"rubygem-orm_adapter-doc
not-installed"rubygem-orm_adapter-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-puppet
not-installed"rubygem-puppet
not-installed"rubygem-puppet-emacs
not-installed"rubygem-puppet-master
not-installed"rubygem-puppet-master-unicorn
not-installed"rubygem-puppet-vim
not-installed"rubygem-rice
not-installed"rubygem-rice-doc
not-installed"rubygem-ruby-fcgi
not-installed"rubygem-ruby-fcgi-doc
not-installed"rubygem-ruby-fcgi-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-rubyzip
not-installed"rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2
not-installed"rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2-doc
not-installed"rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-shoes
not-installed"rubygem-shoes-doc
not-installed"rubygem-shoes-testsuite
not-installed"rubygem-taskjuggler
not-installed"rubygem-warden
not-installed"rubygem-warden-doc
not-installed"rubygem-warden-testsuite
not-installed"runc
not-installed"runc
not-installed"runc-test
not-installed"rungetty
not-installed"runvdr-extreme-systemd
not-installed"rust
not-installed"rust-doc
not-installed"rust-gdb
not-installed"rust-std
not-installed"rustc-stage0
not-installed"rxp
installed"rxvt-unicode
not-installed"rygel
not-installed"rygel-devel
not-installed"rygel-lang
not-installed"rygel-plugin-gstreamer-renderer
not-installed"rygel-plugin-tracker
not-installed"rygel-plugin-zdf-mediathek
not-installed"rypper
not-installed"rzip
not-installed"rzsz
not-installed"s2tc
installed"s2tc-32bit
not-installed"s2tc-devel
not-installed"s3backer
not-installed"s3fs
not-installed"sablot
not-installed"sablot-devel
installed"sac
not-installed"sac-javadoc
not-installed"safte-monitor
not-installed"saidar
not-installed"salt
not-installed"salt
not-installed"salt-api
not-installed"salt-bash-completion
not-installed"salt-cloud
not-installed"salt-doc
not-installed"salt-fish-completion
not-installed"salt-master
not-installed"salt-minion
not-installed"salt-proxy
not-installed"salt-raet
not-installed"salt-ssh
not-installed"salt-syndic
not-installed"salt-zsh-completion
installed"samba
not-installed"samba
not-installed"samba-ceph
installed"samba-client
installed"samba-client-32bit
not-installed"samba-core-devel
not-installed"samba-doc
not-installed"samba-krb-printing
installed"samba-libs
installed"samba-libs-32bit
not-installed"samba-pidl
not-installed"samba-python
not-installed"samba-test
installed"samba-winbind
installed"samba-winbind-32bit
installed"sane-backends
installed"sane-backends-32bit
installed"sane-backends-autoconfig
not-installed"sane-backends-devel
not-installed"sanlock
not-installed"sanlock-devel
not-installed"sap-locale
not-installed"sap-locale-32bit
not-installed"sarg
installed"sash
not-installed"sat4j
not-installed"savannahice
not-installed"savannahice
not-installed"savannahice-debuginfo
not-installed"savannahice-debugsource
not-installed"saweri-fonts
not-installed"sawfish
not-installed"sawfish-devel
not-installed"sawfish-sounds
not-installed"sax3
not-installed"saxon6
not-installed"saxon6-aelfred
not-installed"saxon6-demo
not-installed"saxon6-fop
not-installed"saxon6-javadoc
not-installed"saxon6-jdom
not-installed"saxon6-manual
not-installed"saxon6-scripts
not-installed"saxon8
not-installed"saxon8-demo
not-installed"saxon8-dom
not-installed"saxon8-javadoc
not-installed"saxon8-jdom
not-installed"saxon8-manual
not-installed"saxon8-scripts
not-installed"saxon8-sql
not-installed"saxon8-xom
not-installed"saxon8-xpath
not-installed"saxon9
not-installed"saxon9-demo
not-installed"saxon9-javadoc
not-installed"saxon9-manual
not-installed"saxon9-scripts
not-installed"saxpath
not-installed"sazanami-fonts
installed"sbc
not-installed"sbc-devel
not-installed"sbcl
not-installed"sbd
not-installed"sbiload
not-installed"sbl
not-installed"sbl-orca
not-installed"sblim-cim-client2
not-installed"sblim-cim-client2-javadoc
not-installed"sblim-cim-client2-manual
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-base
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-base-devel
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-base-testsuite
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-c++-devel
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-devel
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-dns
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-dns-devel
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-dns-test
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-ethport_profile
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-fsvol
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-fsvol-devel
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-fsvol-testsuite
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-network
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-network-devel
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-nfsv3
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-nfsv4
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-params
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-samba
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-samba-devel
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-samba-test
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-ssh_service_profile
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-sysfs
not-installed"sblim-cmpi-syslog
not-installed"sblim-cmpiutil-devel
not-installed"sblim-gather
not-installed"sblim-gather-devel
not-installed"sblim-gather-provider
not-installed"sblim-gather-test
not-installed"sblim-indication_helper
not-installed"sblim-indication_helper-devel
not-installed"sblim-sfcCommon-devel
not-installed"sblim-sfcb
not-installed"sblim-sfcc
not-installed"sblim-sfcc-devel
not-installed"sblim-smis-hba
not-installed"sblim-smis-hba-devel
not-installed"sblim-smis-hba-test
not-installed"sblim-testsuite
not-installed"sblim-tools-libra-devel
not-installed"sblim-wbemcli
not-installed"sc
not-installed"sc-controller
not-installed"scalapack-openmpi-test
not-installed"scalpel
not-installed"scanmem
not-installed"scantailor
not-installed"scantailor-cli
not-installed"scap-workbench
not-installed"scap-workbench-doc
not-installed"schedtool
not-installed"schedtop
not-installed"schemaspy
not-installed"schismtracker
not-installed"schroedinger-devel
not-installed"schroedinger-doc
not-installed"scid
not-installed"scid
not-installed"scid-debuginfo
not-installed"scid-debugsource
not-installed"scilab
not-installed"scilab-devel
not-installed"scilab-lang
not-installed"scilab-modules
not-installed"scilab-modules-doc
not-installed"scilab-modules-doc-lang
not-installed"scilab-tests
not-installed"scirenderer
not-installed"scirenderer-javadoc
not-installed"scite
not-installed"scmon
not-installed"scons
not-installed"scorpio22
not-installed"scorpio22
not-installed"scorpio22-debuginfo
not-installed"scorpio23
not-installed"scorpio23
not-installed"scorpio23-debuginfo
not-installed"scorpio24
not-installed"scorpio24
not-installed"scorpio24-debuginfo
not-installed"scorpio25
not-installed"scorpio25
not-installed"scorpio25-debuginfo
not-installed"scorpio26
not-installed"scorpio26
not-installed"scorpio26-debuginfo
installed"scout
not-installed"scout
not-installed"scpm
not-installed"scpm-devel
not-installed"scpm-lang
not-installed"scratch
not-installed"scratch-devel
not-installed"scratch-lang
installed"screen
not-installed"screen-message
not-installed"screenfetch
not-installed"screengen
not-installed"screengen
not-installed"screengen-debuginfo
not-installed"screengen-debugsource
not-installed"screenshot-tool
not-installed"screenshot-tool-lang
not-installed"scribus
not-installed"scribus-devel
not-installed"scrnsaverproto-devel
installed"scrot
not-installed"scrub
not-installed"scrypt
not-installed"scsirastools
not-installed"scsires
installed"scummvm
not-installed"scummvm
not-installed"scummvm-debuginfo
not-installed"scummvm-debugsource
not-installed"scummvm-extra
not-installed"scummvm-extra-debuginfo
not-installed"scummvm-tools
not-installed"scummvm-tools
not-installed"scummvm-tools-debuginfo
not-installed"scummvm-tools-debugsource
not-installed"sdcc
not-installed"sdcc-doc
not-installed"sdcc-libc-sources
not-installed"sdcv
installed"sddm
installed"sddm-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"sddm-branding-upstream
installed"sddm-theme-openSUSE
not-installed"sdl-ball
not-installed"sdlscavenger
not-installed"sdparm
not-installed"seahorse
not-installed"seahorse-daemon
not-installed"seahorse-lang
not-installed"seahorse-nautilus-lang
not-installed"seahorse-sharing
not-installed"seahorse-sharing-lang
not-installed"seamonkey
not-installed"seamonkey-translations-common
not-installed"seamonkey-translations-other
not-installed"seccheck
installed"sed
not-installed"sed
installed"sed-lang
not-installed"segv_handler
not-installed"selene
not-installed"selene
not-installed"selene-debuginfo
not-installed"selene-debugsource
not-installed"selene-lang
not-installed"selinux-doc
not-installed"selinux-policy
not-installed"selinux-policy
not-installed"selinux-policy-devel
not-installed"selinux-policy-doc
not-installed"selinux-policy-minimum
not-installed"selinux-policy-mls
not-installed"selinux-policy-targeted
not-installed"selinux-tools
not-installed"semantik
not-installed"semi-emacs
not-installed"semi-xemacs
not-installed"sendfax
not-installed"sendmail
not-installed"sendmail
not-installed"sendmail-devel
not-installed"sendmail-starttls
not-installed"sendxmpp
not-installed"sensord
not-installed"sensors
not-installed"seq24
not-installed"ser2net
not-installed"serd
not-installed"serdi
not-installed"servletapi3
not-installed"servletapi3-javadoc
not-installed"servletapi4
not-installed"servletapi4-javadoc
not-installed"servletapi5
installed"sessreg
not-installed"setconf
not-installed"setools-console
not-installed"setools-devel
not-installed"setools-gui
not-installed"setools-java
not-installed"setools-libs
not-installed"setools-tcl
installed"setserial
installed"setxkbmap
not-installed"sfftobmp
not-installed"sffview
not-installed"sfml2-devel
not-installed"sfml2-doc
installed"sg3_utils
not-installed"sg3_utils
not-installed"sgi-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"sgml-skel
not-installed"sgmltool
not-installed"sgmltools-lite
not-installed"sgpio
not-installed"sgrep
not-installed"sha1collisiondetection
installed"shadow
not-installed"shadow
not-installed"shadowsocks-libev
not-installed"shadowsocks-libev
not-installed"shadowsocks-libev-devel
not-installed"shadowsocks-libev-doc
not-installed"shairplay
not-installed"shairplay
not-installed"shairplay-debuginfo
not-installed"shairplay-debugsource
not-installed"shairplay-devel
not-installed"shake
not-installed"shapelib
not-installed"shared-color-profiles
not-installed"shared-color-targets
not-installed"shared-desktop-ontologies
not-installed"shared-desktop-ontologies-devel
installed"shared-mime-info
installed"shared-mime-info-lang
installed"sharutils
installed"sharutils-lang
not-installed"shibboleth-sp
not-installed"shibboleth-sp
not-installed"shibboleth-sp-devel
not-installed"shigofumi
not-installed"shigofumi
installed"shim
not-installed"shntool
not-installed"shntool
not-installed"shntool-debuginfo
not-installed"shntool-debugsource
not-installed"shorewall
not-installed"shorewall
not-installed"shorewall-core
not-installed"shorewall-docs
not-installed"shorewall-init
not-installed"shorewall-lite
not-installed"shorewall6
not-installed"shorewall6-lite
not-installed"shorten
not-installed"shorten
not-installed"shorten-debuginfo
not-installed"shorten-debugsource
not-installed"shotcut
not-installed"shotcut-lang
not-installed"shotwell
not-installed"shotwell
not-installed"shotwell
not-installed"shotwell-lang
not-installed"shoutsend
not-installed"shoutsend
not-installed"shoutsend-debuginfo
not-installed"showfont
installed"showfoto
not-installed"shp
not-installed"shunit2
not-installed"shutter
not-installed"shutter
not-installed"shutter
not-installed"shutter-lang
not-installed"siege
not-installed"siga
not-installed"signing-party
not-installed"signon-kwallet-extension
installed"signon-plugin-oauth2
not-installed"signon-plugin-oauth2-devel
installed"signon-plugins
not-installed"signon-plugins-devel
not-installed"signon-plugins-docs
installed"signon-ui
installed"signond
not-installed"signond-docs
installed"signond-libs
not-installed"signond-libs-devel
not-installed"sigrok-cli
not-installed"sigrok-firmware-fx2lafw
not-installed"sil-abyssinica-fonts
not-installed"sil-charis-fonts
not-installed"sil-doulos-fonts
not-installed"sil-gentium-fonts
not-installed"sil-padauk-fonts
installed"silc-toolkit
not-installed"silc-toolkit-devel
not-installed"silicon
not-installed"silicon
not-installed"silicon-debuginfo
not-installed"silicon-lang
not-installed"simh
not-installed"simple-ccsm
not-installed"simple-ccsm-lang
not-installed"simple-mtpfs
not-installed"simple-scan
not-installed"simple-scan-lang
not-installed"simplescreenrecorder
not-installed"simplescreenrecorder
not-installed"simplescreenrecorder-debuginfo
not-installed"simplescreenrecorder-debugsource
not-installed"sipcalc
not-installed"sipcalc
not-installed"sipcalc-debuginfo
not-installed"sipcalc-debugsource
not-installed"siproxd
not-installed"siproxd-doc
not-installed"siren
not-installed"siren
not-installed"siren-debuginfo
not-installed"siren-debugsource
not-installed"sisctrl
not-installed"sitar
installed"site-config
not-installed"sitecopy
not-installed"sitecopy-lang
not-installed"sk1
not-installed"sk1
installed"skanlite
installed"skanlite-lang
not-installed"skelcd-control-openSUSE-promo
not-installed"skelcd-installer-openSUSE
not-installed"ski
not-installed"skinlf
not-installed"skinlf-demo
not-installed"skinlf-javadoc
not-installed"skkdic
not-installed"skkdic-extra
not-installed"skopeo
not-installed"sks
not-installed"skypeforlinux
not-installed"slade
not-installed"slang-devel
not-installed"slang-slsh
not-installed"slapi-nis
not-installed"sleuth
not-installed"sleuthkit
not-installed"sleuthkit-devel
not-installed"slf4j
not-installed"slf4j-javadoc
not-installed"slf4j-manual
not-installed"slib
installed"slop
not-installed"sloppy022
not-installed"sloppy022
not-installed"sloppy022-debuginfo
not-installed"slowmoVideo
not-installed"slowmoVideo
not-installed"slowmoVideo-debuginfo
not-installed"slowmoVideo-debugsource
not-installed"slrn
not-installed"slrn-lang
not-installed"sluice
not-installed"slurm
not-installed"slurm-auth-none
not-installed"slurm-devel
not-installed"slurm-doc
not-installed"slurm-lua
not-installed"slurm-munge
not-installed"slurm-openlava
not-installed"slurm-pam_slurm
not-installed"slurm-plugins
not-installed"slurm-sched-wiki
not-installed"slurm-seff
not-installed"slurm-sjstat
not-installed"slurm-slurmdb-direct
not-installed"slurm-slurmdbd
not-installed"slurm-sview
not-installed"slurm-torque
installed"smartmontools
not-installed"smartmontools
not-installed"smatch
not-installed"smb4k
not-installed"smb4k-doc
not-installed"smb4k-lang
not-installed"smbios-utils-bin
not-installed"smbios-utils-python
not-installed"smc-tools
not-installed"smemstat
not-installed"smictrl
not-installed"smillaenlarger
not-installed"smilutils
installed"smp_utils
not-installed"smplayer
not-installed"smplayer-lang
not-installed"smplayer-skins
not-installed"smplayer-skins
not-installed"smplayer-theme-leo
not-installed"smplayer-theme-leo
not-installed"smplayer-themes
not-installed"smplayer-themes
not-installed"smproxy
not-installed"smssend
not-installed"smtube
not-installed"smtube
not-installed"smtube-debuginfo
not-installed"smtube-debugsource
not-installed"smtube-lang
not-installed"smugbatch
not-installed"smuxi
not-installed"smuxi-engine
not-installed"smuxi-engine-campfire
not-installed"smuxi-engine-campfire-lang
not-installed"smuxi-engine-irc
not-installed"smuxi-engine-irc-lang
not-installed"smuxi-engine-jabbr
not-installed"smuxi-engine-jabbr-lang
not-installed"smuxi-engine-lang
not-installed"smuxi-engine-twitter
not-installed"smuxi-engine-twitter-lang
not-installed"smuxi-engine-xmpp
not-installed"smuxi-engine-xmpp-lang
not-installed"smuxi-frontend
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome-irc
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome-irc-lang
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome-lang
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome-twitter
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome-twitter-lang
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome-xmpp
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-gnome-xmpp-lang
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-lang
not-installed"smuxi-frontend-stfl
not-installed"smuxi-message-buffer
not-installed"smuxi-message-buffer-lang
not-installed"smuxi-server
not-installed"smuxi-server-lang
not-installed"snack
not-installed"snack
not-installed"snap-photobooth
not-installed"snap-photobooth-lang
installed"snapper
installed"snapper-zypp-plugin
not-installed"snappy-devel
not-installed"snd
not-installed"snd_sf2
not-installed"sndio
not-installed"sndio-devel
installed"sni-qt
not-installed"sni-qt-32bit
installed"snmp-mibs
not-installed"snorenotify-qt5
not-installed"snorenotify-qt5-devel
not-installed"snowmix
not-installed"snowmix
not-installed"snowmix-debuginfo
not-installed"snowmix-debugsource
not-installed"socat
not-installed"socket_wrapper
not-installed"sofia-sip
not-installed"sofia-sip-devel
not-installed"softhsm
not-installed"softhsm-devel
not-installed"solaar
not-installed"solaar-cli
not-installed"solaar-doc
not-installed"solarfighter
not-installed"solarus
not-installed"solarus-devel
not-installed"solarus-quest-editor
not-installed"solarwolf
not-installed"solarwolf_we
not-installed"solfege
not-installed"solid-devel
not-installed"solid-devel-32bit
installed"solid-imports
installed"solid-tools
not-installed"something-for-reddit
not-installed"sonar-icon-theme
not-installed"sonic-visualiser
not-installed"sonic-visualiser
not-installed"sonic-visualiser-debuginfo
not-installed"sonic-visualiser-debugsource
not-installed"sonnet-devel
not-installed"sonnet-devel-32bit
not-installed"sooperlooper
not-installed"sooperlooper
not-installed"sooperlooper-debuginfo
not-installed"sooperlooper-debugsource
not-installed"soprano
not-installed"soprano-backend-redland
not-installed"soprano-backend-sesame
not-installed"soprano-backend-virtuoso
not-installed"sopwith
not-installed"sord
not-installed"sord
not-installed"sound-juicer
not-installed"sound-juicer-lang
installed"sound-theme-freedesktop
not-installed"soundconverter
not-installed"soundconverter
not-installed"soundconverter-lang
not-installed"soundtouch
not-installed"soundtouch-devel
not-installed"soup-sharp
not-installed"soup-sharp-devel
not-installed"source-highlight
not-installed"source-highlight-cgi
installed"sox
not-installed"sox
not-installed"sox-debuginfo
not-installed"sox-debugsource
not-installed"sox-devel
not-installed"soxr-devel
not-installed"spacefm
not-installed"spacefm-lang
not-installed"spacenavd
not-installed"spamassassin
not-installed"spamassassin
not-installed"spandsp-devel
not-installed"spandsp-doc
not-installed"sparkleshare
not-installed"sparse
not-installed"sparse-devel
not-installed"sparse-inspect
not-installed"sparse-llvm
not-installed"sparsehash-devel
not-installed"spatialindex-devel
not-installed"spawn-fcgi
not-installed"spdlog-devel
not-installed"spdylay
not-installed"spdylay-devel
not-installed"spec-cleaner
not-installed"spec-cleaner
not-installed"spec-cleaner-format_spec_file
installed"spectacle
not-installed"spectacle-doc
installed"spectacle-lang
not-installed"spectator
not-installed"spectcl
not-installed"speech-dispatcher
not-installed"speech-dispatcher-configure
not-installed"speech-dispatcher-module-espeak
not-installed"speedcrunch
installed"speedtest-cli
not-installed"speedtest-cli
not-installed"speex
not-installed"speex-devel
not-installed"speexdsp-devel
not-installed"spek
not-installed"spek
not-installed"spek-debuginfo
not-installed"spek-debugsource
not-installed"spek-lang
not-installed"spew
not-installed"spice
not-installed"spice-gtk
not-installed"spice-gtk-devel
not-installed"spice-gtk-lang
not-installed"spice-html5
not-installed"spice-protocol-devel
not-installed"spice-vdagent
not-installed"spice-vdagent
not-installed"spirv-headers
not-installed"spirv-tools
not-installed"spirv-tools-devel
not-installed"splashy
not-installed"splashy-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"splashy-devel
not-installed"splashy-mkinitrd
not-installed"splashy-themes
not-installed"splint
not-installed"splix
not-installed"spotify-installer
not-installed"spotify-installer
not-installed"spu-tools
not-installed"spyder
not-installed"spyder-doc
not-installed"spyder-lang
not-installed"spyder3
not-installed"spyder3-doc
not-installed"spyder3-lang
not-installed"sqlcipher
not-installed"sqlcipher-devel
not-installed"sqlcipher-tcl
not-installed"sqlite2
not-installed"sqlite2-32bit
not-installed"sqlite2-devel
not-installed"sqlite3
not-installed"sqlite3-devel
not-installed"sqlite3-doc
not-installed"sqlitebrowser
not-installed"sqliteman
not-installed"sqliteodbc
not-installed"sqliteodbc-doc
not-installed"squashfs
not-installed"squid
not-installed"squid
not-installed"squidGuard
not-installed"squidGuard
not-installed"squidGuard-doc
not-installed"squidview
not-installed"squidview
not-installed"squirrel
not-installed"squirrel-devel
not-installed"squirrel-devel-static
not-installed"squirrel-doc
not-installed"squirrel-examples
not-installed"sratom
not-installed"src_vipa
not-installed"srecord
not-installed"srecord-devel
not-installed"srecord-doc
not-installed"srm
not-installed"srp_daemon
not-installed"ssdeep
not-installed"ssh-contact
not-installed"ssh-contact-client
not-installed"ssh-contact-service
not-installed"sshfp
installed"sshfs
not-installed"sshguard
not-installed"sshpass
not-installed"ssldump
not-installed"sslscan
not-installed"sssd
not-installed"sssd
not-installed"sssd-32bit
not-installed"sssd-ad
not-installed"sssd-ipa
not-installed"sssd-krb5
not-installed"sssd-krb5-common
not-installed"sssd-ldap
not-installed"sssd-proxy
not-installed"sssd-tools
not-installed"stack
not-installed"staging-build-key
not-installed"stalonetray
not-installed"stan
installed"star
not-installed"stardict
not-installed"stardict-dic-enru-engcom
not-installed"stardict-dic-enru-mueller7
not-installed"stardict-sounds-wyabdcrealpeopletts
not-installed"stardict-tools
not-installed"starfighter
not-installed"startup-notification-devel
not-installed"statgrab
not-installed"statserial
installed"steam
not-installed"steam-controller
not-installed"steam-vr
not-installed"steamtricks
not-installed"steamtricks-data
not-installed"stellarium
not-installed"step
not-installed"step-lang
not-installed"stgit
installed"stix-fonts
not-installed"stix-integrals-fonts
not-installed"stix-pua-fonts
not-installed"stix-sizes-fonts
not-installed"stix-variants-fonts
not-installed"stk
not-installed"stk-debugsource
not-installed"stlink
not-installed"stlink-gui
not-installed"stm32flash
not-installed"stockfish
not-installed"stockfish14
not-installed"stockfish14
not-installed"stockfish14-debuginfo
not-installed"stockfish16
not-installed"stockfish16
not-installed"stockfish16-debuginfo
not-installed"stockfish16-debugsource
not-installed"stockfish17
not-installed"stockfish17
not-installed"stockfish17-debuginfo
not-installed"stockfish17-debugsource
not-installed"stockfish18
not-installed"stockfish18
not-installed"stockfish18-debuginfo
not-installed"stockfish18-debugsource
not-installed"stockfish19
not-installed"stockfish19
not-installed"stockfish19-debuginfo
not-installed"stockfish19-debugsource
not-installed"stockfish20
not-installed"stockfish20
not-installed"stockfish20-debuginfo
not-installed"stockfish20-debugsource
not-installed"stoken
not-installed"stoken-devel
not-installed"stoken-gui
not-installed"stonith-bladehpi
not-installed"storage-fixup
not-installed"storeBackup
installed"stow
not-installed"stow-doc
not-installed"stp
not-installed"stp-devel
not-installed"stp-python
installed"strace
not-installed"streamripper
not-installed"streamripper
not-installed"streamripper-debuginfo
not-installed"streamripper-debugsource
not-installed"streamtuner
not-installed"streamtuner-devel
not-installed"streamtuner-doc
not-installed"streamtuner2
not-installed"streamtuner2
not-installed"stress-ng
not-installed"strip-nondeterminism
not-installed"strongswan
not-installed"strongswan-doc
not-installed"strongswan-hmac
not-installed"strongswan-ipsec
not-installed"strongswan-libs0
not-installed"strongswan-mysql
not-installed"strongswan-nm
not-installed"strongswan-sqlite
not-installed"stunnel
not-installed"stunnel
not-installed"su-wrapper
not-installed"submin
not-installed"submin-apache
not-installed"submin-svn
not-installed"subtitleripper
not-installed"subtitleripper
not-installed"subtitleripper-debuginfo
not-installed"subtitleripper-debugsource
installed"subversion
not-installed"subversion
installed"subversion-bash-completion
not-installed"subversion-devel
not-installed"subversion-doc
installed"subversion-perl
not-installed"subversion-python
not-installed"subversion-python-ctypes
not-installed"subversion-ruby
not-installed"subversion-server
not-installed"subversion-tools
not-installed"suck
installed"sudo
not-installed"sudo-devel
not-installed"sudo-test
not-installed"sudoku-sensei
not-installed"suil
not-installed"suil-devel
installed"suil-plugins
not-installed"suil-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"suitesparse-devel
not-installed"suitesparse-devel-static
not-installed"sundanese-unicode-fonts
not-installed"sunpinyin-data
not-installed"sunpinyin-devel
not-installed"sunpinyin-tools
not-installed"sunxi-tools
not-installed"superlu-devel
not-installed"supermin
not-installed"supertux2
not-installed"supertuxkart
not-installed"supertuxkart-data
not-installed"suse-build-key
not-installed"suse-hpc
not-installed"suse-hpc
installed"suse-module-tools
not-installed"suse-xsl-stylesheets
not-installed"susedoc-buildbook
not-installed"susefirewall2-to-firewalld
not-installed"susegreeter-branding-openSUSE
installed"susehelp
not-installed"susehelp_cz
not-installed"susehelp_de
installed"susehelp_en
not-installed"susehelp_es
not-installed"susehelp_fr
not-installed"susehelp_hu
not-installed"susehelp_it
not-installed"susepaste
not-installed"susepaste-screenshot
installed"sushi
installed"sushi-lang
not-installed"svg-schema
not-installed"svgcleaner
not-installed"svgcleaner-cli
not-installed"svgpart
not-installed"svgpart-lang
not-installed"sview
not-installed"sview
not-installed"svn2git
not-installed"svrcore-devel
installed"sw_management
not-installed"sweep
not-installed"sweep
not-installed"sweep-debuginfo
not-installed"sweep-debugsource
installed"sweeper
not-installed"swell-foop
not-installed"swell-foop-lang
not-installed"swftools
not-installed"swift-im
not-installed"swiften-devel
not-installed"swig
not-installed"swig-doc
not-installed"swig-examples
not-installed"swing-layout
not-installed"swing-layout-javadoc
not-installed"swing-worker
not-installed"swing-worker-demo
not-installed"swing-worker-javadoc
not-installed"swipl
not-installed"sword
not-installed"sword-devel
not-installed"swtcalendar
not-installed"swtchart
not-installed"swtchart-javadoc
not-installed"sxhkd
not-installed"synapse
not-installed"synapse-lang
not-installed"syncthing
not-installed"syncthing
not-installed"syncthing-gtk
not-installed"syncthing-gtk-lang
not-installed"syndication-devel
not-installed"synergy
not-installed"synfig
not-installed"synfig
not-installed"synfig-debuginfo
not-installed"synfig-debugsource
not-installed"synfig-devel
not-installed"synfig-doc
not-installed"synfig-lang
not-installed"synfig-modules
not-installed"synfig-modules-debuginfo
not-installed"synfigapp-devel
not-installed"synfigstudio
not-installed"synfigstudio
not-installed"synfigstudio-debuginfo
not-installed"synfigstudio-debugsource
not-installed"synfigstudio-lang
not-installed"synnefo
installed"syntax-highlighting
not-installed"syntax-highlighting-devel
not-installed"syntax-highlighting-devel-32bit
not-installed"sysbench
installed"sysconfig
installed"sysconfig-netconfig
not-installed"sysdig
not-installed"sysdig
not-installed"sysdig-kmp-default
installed"sysfsutils
not-installed"sysfsutils-32bit
not-installed"sysfsutils-devel
not-installed"sysinfo
installed"syslinux
not-installed"syslog-ng
not-installed"syslog-ng-curl
not-installed"syslog-ng-devel
not-installed"syslog-ng-geoip
not-installed"syslog-ng-java
not-installed"syslog-ng-python
not-installed"syslog-ng-redis
not-installed"syslog-ng-smtp
not-installed"syslog-ng-sql
not-installed"syslog-service
not-installed"syslogd
not-installed"sysstat
not-installed"sysstat-isag
installed"system-config-printer
installed"system-config-printer-applet
installed"system-config-printer-common
installed"system-config-printer-common-lang
installed"system-config-printer-dbus-service
installed"systemd
not-installed"systemd
installed"systemd-32bit
installed"systemd-bash-completion
not-installed"systemd-devel
installed"systemd-logger
not-installed"systemd-mini
not-installed"systemd-mini
not-installed"systemd-mini-bash-completion
not-installed"systemd-mini-devel
not-installed"systemd-mini-sysvinit
installed"systemd-presets-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"systemd-rpm-macros
not-installed"systemd-rpm-macros
installed"systemd-sysvinit
not-installed"systemd-ui
installed"systemsettings5
not-installed"systemsettings5-devel
installed"systemsettings5-lang
not-installed"systemtap
not-installed"systemtap-docs
not-installed"systemtap-runtime
not-installed"systemtap-sdt-devel
not-installed"systemtap-server
not-installed"systester
installed"sysvinit-tools
not-installed"syzkaller
not-installed"t-prot
not-installed"t1utils
not-installed"t38modem
not-installed"tabletpc
not-installed"tachyon
installed"tack
not-installed"tagbanwa-fonts
installed"taglib
not-installed"taglib
not-installed"taglib-extras-devel
not-installed"taglib-sharp
not-installed"taglib-sharp-devel
not-installed"tai-heritage-pro-fonts
not-installed"tali
not-installed"tali-lang
not-installed"talk
not-installed"talk-server
not-installed"talloc-man
not-installed"tamago
not-installed"tamil-gtk2im
not-installed"tamil-gtk2im-32bit
not-installed"tango-icon-theme
not-installed"tanukiwrapper
not-installed"tanukiwrapper-manual
installed"tar
not-installed"tar-backup-scripts
installed"tar-lang
not-installed"tar-tests
not-installed"tardy
not-installed"target-isns
not-installed"targetcli
not-installed"targetcli-fb
not-installed"taskwarrior
not-installed"tasque
not-installed"tasque-lang
not-installed"tbb-devel
not-installed"tboot
not-installed"tboot
not-installed"tcd
installed"tcl
not-installed"tcl
not-installed"tcl-32bit
not-installed"tcl-brlapi
not-installed"tcl-devel
not-installed"tcl-rrdtool
not-installed"tcl-tktray
not-installed"tcl8-xapian
not-installed"tclap
not-installed"tclap-doc
not-installed"tclcurl
not-installed"tcllib
not-installed"tclplug
not-installed"tclplug-32bit
not-installed"tcludp
not-installed"tclx
not-installed"tcmu-runner
not-installed"tcmu-runner
not-installed"tcmu-runner-devel
not-installed"tcmu-runner-handler-rbd
not-installed"tcpd
not-installed"tcpd-devel
installed"tcpdump
not-installed"tcpdump
not-installed"tcpflow
not-installed"tcpreplay
not-installed"tcptraceroute
installed"tcsh
not-installed"tcsh
not-installed"tcsh-lang
not-installed"tdb-tools
not-installed"tdom
not-installed"tdom-devel
not-installed"tdu
not-installed"tdu
not-installed"tdu-debuginfo
not-installed"tea
not-installed"technical_writing
not-installed"technisat-usb2-firmware
not-installed"tecla
not-installed"tecla-devel
not-installed"teeworlds
not-installed"tei-roma
not-installed"tei-xsl-stylesheets
not-installed"tei_4
not-installed"telepathy-accounts-signon
not-installed"telepathy-farstream-devel
installed"telepathy-gabble
not-installed"telepathy-gabble-xmpp-console
not-installed"telepathy-glib-devel
not-installed"telepathy-glib-doc
installed"telepathy-haze
installed"telepathy-idle
not-installed"telepathy-kde
not-installed"telepathy-logger
not-installed"telepathy-logger-devel
not-installed"telepathy-logger-qt5-devel
installed"telepathy-mission-control
not-installed"telepathy-mission-control-devel
installed"telepathy-mission-control-plugin-goa
not-installed"telepathy-phoney
not-installed"telepathy-qt4-devel
not-installed"telepathy-qt5-devel
not-installed"telepathy-qt5-devel-32bit
installed"telepathy-rakia
not-installed"telepathy-rakia-devel
installed"telepathy-salut
not-installed"telepathy-sipe
not-installed"tellico
not-installed"tellico-lang
installed"telnet
not-installed"telnet-server
not-installed"tennebon-dynamic-wallpaper
not-installed"termcap
not-installed"termcap-32bit
not-installed"terminator
not-installed"terminator-lang
not-installed"terminatorX
not-installed"terminatorX
not-installed"terminatorX-debuginfo
not-installed"terminatorX-debugsource
installed"terminfo
installed"terminfo-base
not-installed"terminology
not-installed"terminology-theme-dark
not-installed"terminology-theme-misc
not-installed"terminology-theme-openSUSE
not-installed"terminology-theme-openSUSE-oliveleaf
not-installed"terminology-theme-upstream
not-installed"terminus-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"termsyn-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"teseq
not-installed"tesseract
not-installed"tesseract-data
not-installed"tesseract-ocr
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-devel
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-afrikaans
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-albanian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-amharic
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-arabic
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-assamese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-azerbaijani
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-azerbaijani_cyrillic
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-basque
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-belarusian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bengali
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bosnian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bulgarian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-burmese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-catalan
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-cebuano
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-cherokee
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-chinese_simplified
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-chinese_traditional
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-croatian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-czech
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-danish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-dutch
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-dzongkha
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-english
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-english_middle
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-esperanto
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-estonian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-finnish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-frankish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-french
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-french_middle
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-galician
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-georgian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-georgian_old
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-german
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-greek
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-greek_ancient
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-gujarati
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-haitian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hebrew
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hindi
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hungarian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-icelandic
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-indonese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-inuktitut
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-irish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-italian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-italian_old
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-japanese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-javanese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kannada
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kazakh
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-khmer
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-korean
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kurdish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kyrgyz
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-lao
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-latin
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-latvian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-lithuanian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-macedonian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-malay
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-malayalam
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-maltese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-marathi
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-math_equation
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-nepali
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-norwegian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-orientation_and_script_detection
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-oriya
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-pashto
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-persian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-polish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-portuguese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-punjabi
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-romanian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-russian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-sanskrit
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-serbian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-serbian_latin
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-sinhala
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-slovak
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-slovenian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-spanish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-spanish_old
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-swahili
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-swedish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-syriac
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tagalog
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tajik
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tamil
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-telugu
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-thai
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tibetan_standard
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tigrinya
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-turkish
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-ukrainian
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-urdu
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uyghur
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uzbek
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uzbek_cyrillic
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-vietnamese
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-welsh
not-installed"tesseract-ocr-traineddata-yiddish
not-installed"tesseract-server
not-installed"testdisk
not-installed"tetrinet-server
not-installed"tevent-man
not-installed"texinfo
not-installed"texinfo4
not-installed"texlive
not-installed"texlive-12many
not-installed"texlive-12many-doc
not-installed"texlive-2up
not-installed"texlive-2up-doc
not-installed"texlive-Asana-Math
not-installed"texlive-Asana-Math-doc
not-installed"texlive-Asana-Math-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ESIEEcv
not-installed"texlive-ESIEEcv-doc
not-installed"texlive-FAQ-en
not-installed"texlive-GS1
not-installed"texlive-GS1-doc
not-installed"texlive-HA-prosper
not-installed"texlive-HA-prosper-doc
not-installed"texlive-IEEEconf
not-installed"texlive-IEEEconf-doc
not-installed"texlive-IEEEtran
not-installed"texlive-IEEEtran-doc
not-installed"texlive-MemoirChapStyles
not-installed"texlive-SIstyle
not-installed"texlive-SIstyle-doc
not-installed"texlive-SIunits
not-installed"texlive-SIunits-doc
not-installed"texlive-Tabbing
not-installed"texlive-Tabbing-doc
not-installed"texlive-Type1fonts
not-installed"texlive-a0poster
not-installed"texlive-a0poster-doc
not-installed"texlive-a2ping
not-installed"texlive-a2ping-bin
not-installed"texlive-a2ping-doc
not-installed"texlive-a4wide
not-installed"texlive-a4wide-doc
not-installed"texlive-a5comb
not-installed"texlive-a5comb-doc
not-installed"texlive-aastex
not-installed"texlive-aastex-doc
not-installed"texlive-abbr
not-installed"texlive-abbr-doc
not-installed"texlive-abc
not-installed"texlive-abc-doc
not-installed"texlive-abntex2
not-installed"texlive-abntex2-doc
not-installed"texlive-abraces
not-installed"texlive-abraces-doc
not-installed"texlive-abstract
not-installed"texlive-abstract-doc
not-installed"texlive-abstyles
not-installed"texlive-abstyles-doc
not-installed"texlive-academicons
not-installed"texlive-academicons-doc
not-installed"texlive-academicons-fonts
not-installed"texlive-accanthis
not-installed"texlive-accanthis-doc
not-installed"texlive-accanthis-fonts
not-installed"texlive-accfonts
not-installed"texlive-accfonts-bin
not-installed"texlive-accfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-achemso
not-installed"texlive-achemso-doc
not-installed"texlive-acmart
not-installed"texlive-acmart-doc
not-installed"texlive-acmconf
not-installed"texlive-acmconf-doc
not-installed"texlive-acro
not-installed"texlive-acro-doc
not-installed"texlive-acronym
not-installed"texlive-acronym-doc
not-installed"texlive-acroterm
not-installed"texlive-acroterm-doc
not-installed"texlive-active-conf
not-installed"texlive-active-conf-doc
not-installed"texlive-actuarialangle
not-installed"texlive-actuarialangle-doc
not-installed"texlive-addlines
not-installed"texlive-addlines-doc
not-installed"texlive-adfathesis
not-installed"texlive-adfathesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-adforn
not-installed"texlive-adforn-doc
not-installed"texlive-adforn-fonts
not-installed"texlive-adfsymbols
not-installed"texlive-adfsymbols-doc
not-installed"texlive-adfsymbols-fonts
not-installed"texlive-adhocfilelist
not-installed"texlive-adhocfilelist-bin
not-installed"texlive-adhocfilelist-doc
not-installed"texlive-adjmulticol
not-installed"texlive-adjmulticol-doc
not-installed"texlive-adjustbox
not-installed"texlive-adjustbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-adobemapping
not-installed"texlive-adrconv
not-installed"texlive-adrconv-doc
not-installed"texlive-adtrees
not-installed"texlive-adtrees-doc
not-installed"texlive-advdate
not-installed"texlive-advdate-doc
not-installed"texlive-ae
not-installed"texlive-ae-doc
not-installed"texlive-aecc
not-installed"texlive-aecc-doc
not-installed"texlive-aeguill
not-installed"texlive-aeguill-doc
not-installed"texlive-afm2pl
not-installed"texlive-afm2pl-bin
not-installed"texlive-afm2pl-doc
not-installed"texlive-afparticle
not-installed"texlive-afparticle-doc
not-installed"texlive-afthesis
not-installed"texlive-afthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-aguplus
not-installed"texlive-aguplus-doc
not-installed"texlive-aiaa
not-installed"texlive-aiaa-doc
not-installed"texlive-aichej
not-installed"texlive-ajl
not-installed"texlive-akktex
not-installed"texlive-akktex-doc
not-installed"texlive-akletter
not-installed"texlive-akletter-doc
not-installed"texlive-alegreya
not-installed"texlive-alegreya-doc
not-installed"texlive-alegreya-fonts
not-installed"texlive-aleph
not-installed"texlive-aleph-bin
not-installed"texlive-alertmessage
not-installed"texlive-alertmessage-doc
not-installed"texlive-alg
not-installed"texlive-alg-doc
not-installed"texlive-algorithm2e
not-installed"texlive-algorithm2e-doc
not-installed"texlive-algorithmicx
not-installed"texlive-algorithmicx-doc
not-installed"texlive-algorithms
not-installed"texlive-algorithms-doc
not-installed"texlive-allrunes
not-installed"texlive-allrunes-doc
not-installed"texlive-allrunes-fonts
not-installed"texlive-almfixed
not-installed"texlive-almfixed-doc
not-installed"texlive-almfixed-fonts
not-installed"texlive-alnumsec
not-installed"texlive-alnumsec-doc
not-installed"texlive-alterqcm
not-installed"texlive-alterqcm-doc
not-installed"texlive-altfont
not-installed"texlive-altfont-doc
not-installed"texlive-ametsoc
not-installed"texlive-ametsoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-amiri
not-installed"texlive-amiri-doc
not-installed"texlive-amiri-fonts
not-installed"texlive-amsaddr
not-installed"texlive-amsaddr-doc
not-installed"texlive-amscls
not-installed"texlive-amscls-doc
not-installed"texlive-amsfonts
not-installed"texlive-amsfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-amsfonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-amslatex-primer
not-installed"texlive-amsldoc-it
not-installed"texlive-amsldoc-vn
not-installed"texlive-amsmath
not-installed"texlive-amsmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-amsmath-it
not-installed"texlive-amsrefs
not-installed"texlive-amsrefs-doc
not-installed"texlive-amstex
not-installed"texlive-amstex-bin
not-installed"texlive-amstex-doc
not-installed"texlive-amsthdoc-it
not-installed"texlive-animate
not-installed"texlive-animate-doc
not-installed"texlive-anonchap
not-installed"texlive-anonchap-doc
not-installed"texlive-anonymouspro
not-installed"texlive-anonymouspro-doc
not-installed"texlive-anonymouspro-fonts
not-installed"texlive-answers
not-installed"texlive-answers-doc
not-installed"texlive-antiqua
not-installed"texlive-antiqua-doc
not-installed"texlive-antiqua-fonts
not-installed"texlive-antomega
not-installed"texlive-antomega-doc
not-installed"texlive-antt
not-installed"texlive-antt-doc
not-installed"texlive-antt-fonts
not-installed"texlive-anufinalexam
not-installed"texlive-anyfontsize
not-installed"texlive-anyfontsize-doc
not-installed"texlive-anysize
not-installed"texlive-anysize-doc
not-installed"texlive-aobs-tikz
not-installed"texlive-aobs-tikz-doc
not-installed"texlive-aomart
not-installed"texlive-aomart-doc
not-installed"texlive-apa
not-installed"texlive-apa-doc
not-installed"texlive-apa6
not-installed"texlive-apa6-doc
not-installed"texlive-apa6e
not-installed"texlive-apa6e-doc
not-installed"texlive-apacite
not-installed"texlive-apacite-doc
not-installed"texlive-apalike2
not-installed"texlive-apnum
not-installed"texlive-apnum-doc
not-installed"texlive-appendix
not-installed"texlive-appendix-doc
not-installed"texlive-appendixnumberbeamer
not-installed"texlive-appendixnumberbeamer-doc
not-installed"texlive-apprends-latex
not-installed"texlive-apptools
not-installed"texlive-apptools-doc
not-installed"texlive-arabi
not-installed"texlive-arabi-add
not-installed"texlive-arabi-add-doc
not-installed"texlive-arabi-doc
not-installed"texlive-arabi-fonts
not-installed"texlive-arabluatex
not-installed"texlive-arabluatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-arabtex
not-installed"texlive-arabtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-arabtex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-arabxetex
not-installed"texlive-arabxetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-aramaic-serto
not-installed"texlive-aramaic-serto-doc
not-installed"texlive-aramaic-serto-fonts
not-installed"texlive-arara
not-installed"texlive-arara-bin
not-installed"texlive-arara-doc
not-installed"texlive-archaeologie
not-installed"texlive-archaeologie-doc
not-installed"texlive-archaic
not-installed"texlive-archaic-doc
not-installed"texlive-archaic-fonts
not-installed"texlive-arcs
not-installed"texlive-arcs-doc
not-installed"texlive-arev
not-installed"texlive-arev-doc
not-installed"texlive-arev-fonts
not-installed"texlive-armtex
not-installed"texlive-armtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-armtex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-around-the-bend
not-installed"texlive-arphic
not-installed"texlive-arphic-doc
not-installed"texlive-arphic-fonts
not-installed"texlive-arrayjobx
not-installed"texlive-arrayjobx-doc
not-installed"texlive-arraysort
not-installed"texlive-arraysort-doc
not-installed"texlive-arsclassica
not-installed"texlive-arsclassica-doc
not-installed"texlive-articleingud
not-installed"texlive-articleingud-doc
not-installed"texlive-arydshln
not-installed"texlive-arydshln-doc
not-installed"texlive-asaetr
not-installed"texlive-asaetr-doc
not-installed"texlive-asapsym
not-installed"texlive-asapsym-doc
not-installed"texlive-asapsym-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ascelike
not-installed"texlive-ascelike-doc
not-installed"texlive-ascii-chart
not-installed"texlive-ascii-font
not-installed"texlive-ascii-font-doc
not-installed"texlive-ascii-font-fonts
not-installed"texlive-asciilist
not-installed"texlive-asciilist-doc
not-installed"texlive-askmaps
not-installed"texlive-askmaps-doc
not-installed"texlive-aspectratio
not-installed"texlive-aspectratio-doc
not-installed"texlive-aspectratio-fonts
not-installed"texlive-assignment
not-installed"texlive-assignment-doc
not-installed"texlive-assoccnt
not-installed"texlive-assoccnt-doc
not-installed"texlive-astro
not-installed"texlive-astro-doc
not-installed"texlive-asyfig
not-installed"texlive-asyfig-doc
not-installed"texlive-asymptote
not-installed"texlive-asymptote-bin
not-installed"texlive-asymptote-by-example-zh-cn
not-installed"texlive-asymptote-doc
not-installed"texlive-asymptote-faq-zh-cn
not-installed"texlive-asymptote-manual-zh-cn
not-installed"texlive-asypictureb
not-installed"texlive-asypictureb-doc
not-installed"texlive-attachfile
not-installed"texlive-attachfile-doc
not-installed"texlive-augie
not-installed"texlive-augie-doc
not-installed"texlive-augie-fonts
not-installed"texlive-auncial-new
not-installed"texlive-auncial-new-doc
not-installed"texlive-auncial-new-fonts
not-installed"texlive-aurical
not-installed"texlive-aurical-doc
not-installed"texlive-aurical-fonts
not-installed"texlive-authoraftertitle
not-installed"texlive-authoraftertitle-doc
not-installed"texlive-authorindex
not-installed"texlive-authorindex-bin
not-installed"texlive-authorindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-auto-pst-pdf
not-installed"texlive-auto-pst-pdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-autoarea
not-installed"texlive-autoarea-doc
not-installed"texlive-automata
not-installed"texlive-automata-doc
not-installed"texlive-autonum
not-installed"texlive-autonum-doc
not-installed"texlive-autopdf
not-installed"texlive-autopdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-autosp
not-installed"texlive-autosp-bin
not-installed"texlive-avantgar
not-installed"texlive-avantgar-fonts
not-installed"texlive-avremu
not-installed"texlive-avremu-doc
not-installed"texlive-b1encoding
not-installed"texlive-b1encoding-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel
not-installed"texlive-babel-albanian
not-installed"texlive-babel-albanian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-bahasa
not-installed"texlive-babel-bahasa-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-basque
not-installed"texlive-babel-basque-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-belarusian
not-installed"texlive-babel-belarusian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-bosnian
not-installed"texlive-babel-bosnian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-breton
not-installed"texlive-babel-breton-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-bulgarian
not-installed"texlive-babel-bulgarian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-catalan
not-installed"texlive-babel-catalan-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-croatian
not-installed"texlive-babel-croatian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-czech
not-installed"texlive-babel-czech-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-danish
not-installed"texlive-babel-danish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-dutch
not-installed"texlive-babel-dutch-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-english
not-installed"texlive-babel-english-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-esperanto
not-installed"texlive-babel-esperanto-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-estonian
not-installed"texlive-babel-estonian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-finnish
not-installed"texlive-babel-finnish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-french
not-installed"texlive-babel-french-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-friulan
not-installed"texlive-babel-friulan-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-galician
not-installed"texlive-babel-galician-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-georgian
not-installed"texlive-babel-georgian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-german
not-installed"texlive-babel-german-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-greek
not-installed"texlive-babel-greek-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-hebrew
not-installed"texlive-babel-hebrew-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-hungarian
not-installed"texlive-babel-hungarian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-icelandic
not-installed"texlive-babel-icelandic-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-interlingua
not-installed"texlive-babel-interlingua-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-irish
not-installed"texlive-babel-irish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-italian
not-installed"texlive-babel-italian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-kurmanji
not-installed"texlive-babel-kurmanji-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-latin
not-installed"texlive-babel-latin-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-latvian
not-installed"texlive-babel-latvian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-macedonian
not-installed"texlive-babel-macedonian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-norsk
not-installed"texlive-babel-norsk-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-occitan
not-installed"texlive-babel-occitan-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-piedmontese
not-installed"texlive-babel-piedmontese-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-polish
not-installed"texlive-babel-polish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-portuges
not-installed"texlive-babel-portuges-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-romanian
not-installed"texlive-babel-romanian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-romansh
not-installed"texlive-babel-romansh-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-russian
not-installed"texlive-babel-russian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-samin
not-installed"texlive-babel-samin-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-scottish
not-installed"texlive-babel-scottish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-serbian
not-installed"texlive-babel-serbian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-serbianc
not-installed"texlive-babel-serbianc-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-slovak
not-installed"texlive-babel-slovak-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-slovenian
not-installed"texlive-babel-slovenian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-sorbian
not-installed"texlive-babel-sorbian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-spanglish
not-installed"texlive-babel-spanglish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-spanish
not-installed"texlive-babel-spanish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-swedish
not-installed"texlive-babel-swedish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-thai
not-installed"texlive-babel-thai-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-turkish
not-installed"texlive-babel-turkish-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-ukrainian
not-installed"texlive-babel-ukrainian-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-vietnamese
not-installed"texlive-babel-vietnamese-doc
not-installed"texlive-babel-welsh
not-installed"texlive-babel-welsh-doc
not-installed"texlive-babelbib
not-installed"texlive-babelbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-background
not-installed"texlive-background-doc
not-installed"texlive-backnaur
not-installed"texlive-backnaur-doc
not-installed"texlive-bagpipe
not-installed"texlive-bagpipe-doc
not-installed"texlive-bangorcsthesis
not-installed"texlive-bangorcsthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-bangtex
not-installed"texlive-bangtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-bankstatement
not-installed"texlive-bankstatement-doc
not-installed"texlive-barcodes
not-installed"texlive-barcodes-doc
not-installed"texlive-bardiag
not-installed"texlive-bardiag-doc
not-installed"texlive-barr
not-installed"texlive-barr-doc
not-installed"texlive-bartel-chess-fonts
not-installed"texlive-bartel-chess-fonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-bashful
not-installed"texlive-bashful-doc
not-installed"texlive-basicarith
not-installed"texlive-basicarith-doc
not-installed"texlive-baskervald
not-installed"texlive-baskervald-doc
not-installed"texlive-baskervald-fonts
not-installed"texlive-baskervaldx
not-installed"texlive-baskervaldx-doc
not-installed"texlive-baskervaldx-fonts
not-installed"texlive-basque-book
not-installed"texlive-basque-book-doc
not-installed"texlive-basque-date
not-installed"texlive-basque-date-doc
not-installed"texlive-bbcard
not-installed"texlive-bbcard-doc
not-installed"texlive-bbding
not-installed"texlive-bbding-doc
not-installed"texlive-bbm
not-installed"texlive-bbm-doc
not-installed"texlive-bbm-macros
not-installed"texlive-bbm-macros-doc
not-installed"texlive-bbold
not-installed"texlive-bbold-doc
not-installed"texlive-bbold-type1
not-installed"texlive-bbold-type1-doc
not-installed"texlive-bbold-type1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-bchart
not-installed"texlive-bchart-doc
not-installed"texlive-bclogo
not-installed"texlive-bclogo-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamer
not-installed"texlive-beamer-FUBerlin
not-installed"texlive-beamer-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamer-tut-pt
not-installed"texlive-beamer-verona
not-installed"texlive-beamer-verona-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamer2thesis
not-installed"texlive-beamer2thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-beameraudience
not-installed"texlive-beameraudience-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamercolorthemeowl
not-installed"texlive-beamercolorthemeowl-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamerdarkthemes
not-installed"texlive-beamerdarkthemes-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamerposter
not-installed"texlive-beamerposter-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamersubframe
not-installed"texlive-beamersubframe-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-epyt
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-epyt-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-metropolis
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-metropolis-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc
not-installed"texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc-doc
not-installed"texlive-beamerthemejltree
not-installed"texlive-beamerthemenirma
not-installed"texlive-beamerthemenirma-doc
not-installed"texlive-beebe
not-installed"texlive-begingreek
not-installed"texlive-begingreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-begriff
not-installed"texlive-begriff-doc
not-installed"texlive-belleek
not-installed"texlive-belleek-doc
not-installed"texlive-belleek-fonts
not-installed"texlive-bengali
not-installed"texlive-bengali-doc
not-installed"texlive-bera
not-installed"texlive-bera-doc
not-installed"texlive-bera-fonts
not-installed"texlive-berenisadf
not-installed"texlive-berenisadf-doc
not-installed"texlive-berenisadf-fonts
not-installed"texlive-besjournals
not-installed"texlive-besjournals-doc
not-installed"texlive-bestpapers
not-installed"texlive-bestpapers-doc
not-installed"texlive-betababel
not-installed"texlive-betababel-doc
not-installed"texlive-beton
not-installed"texlive-beton-doc
not-installed"texlive-bewerbung
not-installed"texlive-bewerbung-doc
not-installed"texlive-bez123
not-installed"texlive-bez123-doc
not-installed"texlive-bezos
not-installed"texlive-bezos-doc
not-installed"texlive-bgreek
not-installed"texlive-bgreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-bgteubner
not-installed"texlive-bgteubner-doc
not-installed"texlive-bguq
not-installed"texlive-bguq-doc
not-installed"texlive-bguq-fonts
not-installed"texlive-bhcexam
not-installed"texlive-bhcexam-doc
not-installed"texlive-bib-fr
not-installed"texlive-bib-fr-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibarts
not-installed"texlive-bibarts-doc
not-installed"texlive-biber
not-installed"texlive-biber-bin
not-installed"texlive-bibexport
not-installed"texlive-bibexport-bin
not-installed"texlive-bibexport-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibhtml
not-installed"texlive-bibhtml-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-abnt
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-abnt-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-anonymous
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-anonymous-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-apa
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-apa-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-bookinother
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-bookinother-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-bwl
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-bwl-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-caspervector
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-caspervector-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-chem
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-chem-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-chicago
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-chicago-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-dw
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-dw-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-fiwi
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-fiwi-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-gost
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-gost-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-historian
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-historian-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-ieee
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-ieee-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-iso690
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-iso690-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-juradiss
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-juradiss-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-mla
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-mla-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-morenames
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-morenames-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-musuos
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-musuos-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-nature
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-nature-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-nejm
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-nejm-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-philosophy
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-philosophy-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-phys
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-phys-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-publist
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-publist-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-realauthor
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-realauthor-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-science
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-science-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-source-division
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-source-division-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-subseries
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-subseries-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-trad
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-trad-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit
not-installed"texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibleref
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-french
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-french-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-german
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-german-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-lds
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-lds-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-mouth
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-mouth-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-parse
not-installed"texlive-bibleref-parse-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibletext
not-installed"texlive-bibletext-doc
not-installed"texlive-biblist
not-installed"texlive-biblist-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibtex
not-installed"texlive-bibtex-bin
not-installed"texlive-bibtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibtex8
not-installed"texlive-bibtex8-bin
not-installed"texlive-bibtex8-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibtexperllibs
not-installed"texlive-bibtexperllibs-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibtexu
not-installed"texlive-bibtexu-bin
not-installed"texlive-bibtopic
not-installed"texlive-bibtopic-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibtopicprefix
not-installed"texlive-bibtopicprefix-doc
not-installed"texlive-bibunits
not-installed"texlive-bibunits-doc
not-installed"texlive-bidi
not-installed"texlive-bidi-atbegshi
not-installed"texlive-bidi-atbegshi-doc
not-installed"texlive-bidi-doc
not-installed"texlive-bidicontour
not-installed"texlive-bidicontour-doc
not-installed"texlive-bidihl
not-installed"texlive-bidihl-doc
not-installed"texlive-bidipagegrid
not-installed"texlive-bidipagegrid-doc
not-installed"texlive-bidipresentation
not-installed"texlive-bidipresentation-doc
not-installed"texlive-bidishadowtext
not-installed"texlive-bidishadowtext-doc
not-installed"texlive-bigfoot
not-installed"texlive-bigfoot-doc
not-installed"texlive-bigints
not-installed"texlive-bigints-doc
not-installed"texlive-bin-devel
not-installed"texlive-binomexp
not-installed"texlive-binomexp-doc
not-installed"texlive-biocon
not-installed"texlive-biocon-doc
not-installed"texlive-bitelist
not-installed"texlive-bitelist-doc
not-installed"texlive-bitpattern
not-installed"texlive-bitpattern-doc
not-installed"texlive-bizcard
not-installed"texlive-bizcard-doc
not-installed"texlive-blacklettert1
not-installed"texlive-blacklettert1-doc
not-installed"texlive-blindtext
not-installed"texlive-blindtext-doc
not-installed"texlive-blkarray
not-installed"texlive-blkarray-doc
not-installed"texlive-blochsphere
not-installed"texlive-blochsphere-doc
not-installed"texlive-block
not-installed"texlive-block-doc
not-installed"texlive-blockdraw_mp
not-installed"texlive-blockdraw_mp-doc
not-installed"texlive-bloques
not-installed"texlive-bloques-doc
not-installed"texlive-blox
not-installed"texlive-blox-doc
not-installed"texlive-bnumexpr
not-installed"texlive-bnumexpr-doc
not-installed"texlive-bodegraph
not-installed"texlive-bodegraph-doc
not-installed"texlive-bohr
not-installed"texlive-bohr-doc
not-installed"texlive-boisik
not-installed"texlive-boisik-doc
not-installed"texlive-boites
not-installed"texlive-boites-doc
not-installed"texlive-bold-extra
not-installed"texlive-bold-extra-doc
not-installed"texlive-boldtensors
not-installed"texlive-boldtensors-doc
not-installed"texlive-bondgraph
not-installed"texlive-bondgraph-doc
not-installed"texlive-bondgraphs
not-installed"texlive-bondgraphs-doc
not-installed"texlive-bookcover
not-installed"texlive-bookcover-doc
not-installed"texlive-bookdb
not-installed"texlive-bookdb-doc
not-installed"texlive-bookest
not-installed"texlive-bookest-doc
not-installed"texlive-bookhands
not-installed"texlive-bookhands-doc
not-installed"texlive-bookhands-fonts
not-installed"texlive-booklet
not-installed"texlive-booklet-doc
not-installed"texlive-bookman
not-installed"texlive-bookman-fonts
not-installed"texlive-booktabs
not-installed"texlive-booktabs-de
not-installed"texlive-booktabs-doc
not-installed"texlive-booktabs-fr
not-installed"texlive-boolexpr
not-installed"texlive-boolexpr-doc
not-installed"texlive-boondox
not-installed"texlive-boondox-doc
not-installed"texlive-boondox-fonts
not-installed"texlive-bophook
not-installed"texlive-bophook-doc
not-installed"texlive-borceux
not-installed"texlive-borceux-doc
not-installed"texlive-bosisio
not-installed"texlive-bosisio-doc
not-installed"texlive-boxedminipage
not-installed"texlive-boxedminipage-doc
not-installed"texlive-boxedminipage2e
not-installed"texlive-boxedminipage2e-doc
not-installed"texlive-boxhandler
not-installed"texlive-boxhandler-doc
not-installed"texlive-bpchem
not-installed"texlive-bpchem-doc
not-installed"texlive-bpolynomial
not-installed"texlive-bpolynomial-doc
not-installed"texlive-br-lex
not-installed"texlive-br-lex-doc
not-installed"texlive-bracketkey
not-installed"texlive-bracketkey-doc
not-installed"texlive-braids
not-installed"texlive-braids-doc
not-installed"texlive-braille
not-installed"texlive-braille-doc
not-installed"texlive-braket
not-installed"texlive-braket-doc
not-installed"texlive-brandeis-dissertation
not-installed"texlive-brandeis-dissertation-doc
not-installed"texlive-breakcites
not-installed"texlive-breakcites-doc
not-installed"texlive-breakurl
not-installed"texlive-breakurl-doc
not-installed"texlive-breqn
not-installed"texlive-breqn-doc
not-installed"texlive-bropd
not-installed"texlive-bropd-doc
not-installed"texlive-brushscr
not-installed"texlive-brushscr-doc
not-installed"texlive-brushscr-fonts
not-installed"texlive-bullcntr
not-installed"texlive-bullcntr-doc
not-installed"texlive-bundledoc
not-installed"texlive-bundledoc-bin
not-installed"texlive-bundledoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-burmese
not-installed"texlive-burmese-doc
not-installed"texlive-burmese-fonts
not-installed"texlive-bussproofs
not-installed"texlive-bussproofs-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxbase
not-installed"texlive-bxbase-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxcjkjatype
not-installed"texlive-bxcjkjatype-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxdpx-beamer
not-installed"texlive-bxdpx-beamer-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxdvidriver
not-installed"texlive-bxdvidriver-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxeepic
not-installed"texlive-bxeepic-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxenclose
not-installed"texlive-bxenclose-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxjscls
not-installed"texlive-bxjscls-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxnewfont
not-installed"texlive-bxnewfont-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxpapersize
not-installed"texlive-bxpapersize-doc
not-installed"texlive-bxpdfver
not-installed"texlive-bxpdfver-doc
not-installed"texlive-bytefield
not-installed"texlive-bytefield-doc
not-installed"texlive-c-pascal
not-installed"texlive-c-pascal-doc
not-installed"texlive-c90
not-installed"texlive-c90-doc
not-installed"texlive-cabin
not-installed"texlive-cabin-doc
not-installed"texlive-cabin-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cachepic
not-installed"texlive-cachepic-bin
not-installed"texlive-cachepic-doc
not-installed"texlive-caladea
not-installed"texlive-caladea-doc
not-installed"texlive-caladea-fonts
not-installed"texlive-calcage
not-installed"texlive-calcage-doc
not-installed"texlive-calctab
not-installed"texlive-calctab-doc
not-installed"texlive-calculation
not-installed"texlive-calculation-doc
not-installed"texlive-calculator
not-installed"texlive-calculator-doc
not-installed"texlive-calligra
not-installed"texlive-calligra-doc
not-installed"texlive-calligra-type1
not-installed"texlive-calligra-type1-doc
not-installed"texlive-calligra-type1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-calrsfs
not-installed"texlive-calrsfs-doc
not-installed"texlive-cals
not-installed"texlive-cals-doc
not-installed"texlive-calxxxx-yyyy
not-installed"texlive-calxxxx-yyyy-doc
not-installed"texlive-cancel
not-installed"texlive-cancel-doc
not-installed"texlive-canoniclayout
not-installed"texlive-canoniclayout-doc
not-installed"texlive-cantarell
not-installed"texlive-cantarell-doc
not-installed"texlive-cantarell-fonts
not-installed"texlive-capt-of
not-installed"texlive-capt-of-doc
not-installed"texlive-captcont
not-installed"texlive-captcont-doc
not-installed"texlive-captdef
not-installed"texlive-captdef-doc
not-installed"texlive-caption
not-installed"texlive-caption-doc
not-installed"texlive-carbohydrates
not-installed"texlive-carbohydrates-doc
not-installed"texlive-carlisle
not-installed"texlive-carlisle-doc
not-installed"texlive-carlito
not-installed"texlive-carlito-doc
not-installed"texlive-carlito-fonts
not-installed"texlive-carolmin-ps
not-installed"texlive-carolmin-ps-doc
not-installed"texlive-carolmin-ps-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cascadilla
not-installed"texlive-cascadilla-doc
not-installed"texlive-cases
not-installed"texlive-cases-doc
not-installed"texlive-casyl
not-installed"texlive-casyl-doc
not-installed"texlive-catchfilebetweentags
not-installed"texlive-catchfilebetweentags-doc
not-installed"texlive-catcodes
not-installed"texlive-catcodes-doc
not-installed"texlive-catechis
not-installed"texlive-catechis-doc
not-installed"texlive-catoptions
not-installed"texlive-catoptions-doc
not-installed"texlive-cbcoptic
not-installed"texlive-cbcoptic-doc
not-installed"texlive-cbcoptic-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cbfonts
not-installed"texlive-cbfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-cbfonts-fd
not-installed"texlive-cbfonts-fd-doc
not-installed"texlive-cbfonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cc-pl
not-installed"texlive-cc-pl-doc
not-installed"texlive-cc-pl-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ccaption
not-installed"texlive-ccaption-doc
not-installed"texlive-ccfonts
not-installed"texlive-ccfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-ccicons
not-installed"texlive-ccicons-doc
not-installed"texlive-ccicons-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cclicenses
not-installed"texlive-cclicenses-doc
not-installed"texlive-cd
not-installed"texlive-cd-cover
not-installed"texlive-cd-cover-doc
not-installed"texlive-cd-doc
not-installed"texlive-cdpbundl
not-installed"texlive-cdpbundl-doc
not-installed"texlive-cell
not-installed"texlive-cell-doc
not-installed"texlive-cellspace
not-installed"texlive-cellspace-doc
not-installed"texlive-celtic
not-installed"texlive-celtic-doc
not-installed"texlive-censor
not-installed"texlive-censor-doc
not-installed"texlive-cfr-initials
not-installed"texlive-cfr-initials-doc
not-installed"texlive-cfr-lm
not-installed"texlive-cfr-lm-doc
not-installed"texlive-changebar
not-installed"texlive-changebar-doc
not-installed"texlive-changelayout
not-installed"texlive-changelayout-doc
not-installed"texlive-changepage
not-installed"texlive-changepage-doc
not-installed"texlive-changes
not-installed"texlive-changes-doc
not-installed"texlive-chappg
not-installed"texlive-chappg-doc
not-installed"texlive-chapterfolder
not-installed"texlive-chapterfolder-doc
not-installed"texlive-charter
not-installed"texlive-charter-doc
not-installed"texlive-charter-fonts
not-installed"texlive-chbibref
not-installed"texlive-chbibref-doc
not-installed"texlive-checkcites
not-installed"texlive-checkcites-bin
not-installed"texlive-checkcites-doc
not-installed"texlive-checklistings
not-installed"texlive-checklistings-bin
not-installed"texlive-checklistings-doc
not-installed"texlive-chem-journal
not-installed"texlive-chemarrow
not-installed"texlive-chemarrow-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemarrow-fonts
not-installed"texlive-chembst
not-installed"texlive-chembst-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemcompounds
not-installed"texlive-chemcompounds-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemcono
not-installed"texlive-chemcono-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemexec
not-installed"texlive-chemexec-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemfig
not-installed"texlive-chemfig-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemformula
not-installed"texlive-chemformula-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemgreek
not-installed"texlive-chemgreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemmacros
not-installed"texlive-chemmacros-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemnum
not-installed"texlive-chemnum-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemschemex
not-installed"texlive-chemschemex-doc
not-installed"texlive-chemstyle
not-installed"texlive-chemstyle-doc
not-installed"texlive-cherokee
not-installed"texlive-cherokee-doc
not-installed"texlive-chess
not-installed"texlive-chess-doc
not-installed"texlive-chess-problem-diagrams
not-installed"texlive-chess-problem-diagrams-doc
not-installed"texlive-chessboard
not-installed"texlive-chessboard-doc
not-installed"texlive-chessfss
not-installed"texlive-chessfss-doc
not-installed"texlive-chet
not-installed"texlive-chet-doc
not-installed"texlive-chextras
not-installed"texlive-chextras-doc
not-installed"texlive-chicago
not-installed"texlive-chicago-annote
not-installed"texlive-chicago-annote-doc
not-installed"texlive-chickenize
not-installed"texlive-chickenize-doc
not-installed"texlive-chivo
not-installed"texlive-chivo-doc
not-installed"texlive-chivo-fonts
not-installed"texlive-chkfloat
not-installed"texlive-chkfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-chktex
not-installed"texlive-chktex-bin
not-installed"texlive-chktex-doc
not-installed"texlive-chletter
not-installed"texlive-chletter-doc
not-installed"texlive-chngcntr
not-installed"texlive-chngcntr-doc
not-installed"texlive-chronology
not-installed"texlive-chronology-doc
not-installed"texlive-chronosys
not-installed"texlive-chronosys-doc
not-installed"texlive-chscite
not-installed"texlive-chscite-doc
not-installed"texlive-churchslavonic
not-installed"texlive-churchslavonic-doc
not-installed"texlive-cinzel
not-installed"texlive-cinzel-doc
not-installed"texlive-cinzel-fonts
not-installed"texlive-circ
not-installed"texlive-circ-doc
not-installed"texlive-circuitikz
not-installed"texlive-circuitikz-doc
not-installed"texlive-cite
not-installed"texlive-cite-doc
not-installed"texlive-citeall
not-installed"texlive-citeall-doc
not-installed"texlive-cjhebrew
not-installed"texlive-cjhebrew-doc
not-installed"texlive-cjhebrew-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cjk
not-installed"texlive-cjk-doc
not-installed"texlive-cjk-gs-integrate
not-installed"texlive-cjk-gs-integrate-bin
not-installed"texlive-cjk-gs-integrate-doc
not-installed"texlive-cjk-ko
not-installed"texlive-cjk-ko-doc
not-installed"texlive-cjk-latex-extras
not-installed"texlive-cjkpunct
not-installed"texlive-cjkpunct-doc
not-installed"texlive-cjkutils
not-installed"texlive-cjkutils-bin
not-installed"texlive-cjkutils-doc
not-installed"texlive-classics
not-installed"texlive-classics-doc
not-installed"texlive-classicthesis
not-installed"texlive-classicthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-classpack
not-installed"texlive-classpack-doc
not-installed"texlive-cleanthesis
not-installed"texlive-cleanthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-clearsans
not-installed"texlive-clearsans-doc
not-installed"texlive-clearsans-fonts
not-installed"texlive-clefval
not-installed"texlive-clefval-doc
not-installed"texlive-cleveref
not-installed"texlive-cleveref-doc
not-installed"texlive-clipboard
not-installed"texlive-clipboard-doc
not-installed"texlive-clock
not-installed"texlive-clock-doc
not-installed"texlive-cloze
not-installed"texlive-cloze-doc
not-installed"texlive-clrscode
not-installed"texlive-clrscode-doc
not-installed"texlive-clrscode3e
not-installed"texlive-clrscode3e-doc
not-installed"texlive-cm
not-installed"texlive-cm-doc
not-installed"texlive-cm-lgc
not-installed"texlive-cm-lgc-doc
not-installed"texlive-cm-lgc-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cm-super
not-installed"texlive-cm-super-doc
not-installed"texlive-cm-super-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cm-unicode
not-installed"texlive-cm-unicode-doc
not-installed"texlive-cm-unicode-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cmap
not-installed"texlive-cmap-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmarrows
not-installed"texlive-cmarrows-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmbright
not-installed"texlive-cmbright-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmcyr
not-installed"texlive-cmcyr-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmcyr-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cmdstring
not-installed"texlive-cmdstring-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmdtrack
not-installed"texlive-cmdtrack-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmexb
not-installed"texlive-cmexb-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmexb-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cmextra
not-installed"texlive-cmll
not-installed"texlive-cmll-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmll-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cmpica
not-installed"texlive-cmpica-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmpj
not-installed"texlive-cmpj-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmsd
not-installed"texlive-cmsd-doc
not-installed"texlive-cmtiup
not-installed"texlive-cmtiup-doc
not-installed"texlive-cnbwp
not-installed"texlive-cnbwp-doc
not-installed"texlive-cnltx
not-installed"texlive-cnltx-doc
not-installed"texlive-cns
not-installed"texlive-cns-doc
not-installed"texlive-cntformats
not-installed"texlive-cntformats-doc
not-installed"texlive-cntperchap
not-installed"texlive-cntperchap-doc
not-installed"texlive-cochineal
not-installed"texlive-cochineal-doc
not-installed"texlive-cochineal-fonts
not-installed"texlive-codedoc
not-installed"texlive-codedoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-codepage
not-installed"texlive-codepage-doc
not-installed"texlive-codesection
not-installed"texlive-codesection-doc
not-installed"texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano
not-installed"texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano-doc
not-installed"texlive-collcell
not-installed"texlive-collcell-doc
not-installed"texlive-collectbox
not-installed"texlive-collectbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-collection-basic
not-installed"texlive-collection-bibtexextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-binextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-context
not-installed"texlive-collection-fontsextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-fontsrecommended
not-installed"texlive-collection-fontutils
not-installed"texlive-collection-formatsextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-games
not-installed"texlive-collection-genericextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-genericrecommended
not-installed"texlive-collection-htmlxml
not-installed"texlive-collection-humanities
not-installed"texlive-collection-langafrican
not-installed"texlive-collection-langarabic
not-installed"texlive-collection-langchinese
not-installed"texlive-collection-langcjk
not-installed"texlive-collection-langcyrillic
not-installed"texlive-collection-langczechslovak
not-installed"texlive-collection-langenglish
not-installed"texlive-collection-langeuropean
not-installed"texlive-collection-langfrench
not-installed"texlive-collection-langgerman
not-installed"texlive-collection-langgreek
not-installed"texlive-collection-langindic
not-installed"texlive-collection-langitalian
not-installed"texlive-collection-langjapanese
not-installed"texlive-collection-langkorean
not-installed"texlive-collection-langother
not-installed"texlive-collection-langpolish
not-installed"texlive-collection-langportuguese
not-installed"texlive-collection-langspanish
not-installed"texlive-collection-latex
not-installed"texlive-collection-latexextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-latexrecommended
not-installed"texlive-collection-luatex
not-installed"texlive-collection-mathextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-metapost
not-installed"texlive-collection-music
not-installed"texlive-collection-omega
not-installed"texlive-collection-pictures
not-installed"texlive-collection-plainextra
not-installed"texlive-collection-pstricks
not-installed"texlive-collection-publishers
not-installed"texlive-collection-science
not-installed"texlive-collection-xetex
not-installed"texlive-collref
not-installed"texlive-collref-doc
not-installed"texlive-colordoc
not-installed"texlive-colordoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-colorinfo
not-installed"texlive-colorinfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-coloring
not-installed"texlive-coloring-doc
not-installed"texlive-colorsep
not-installed"texlive-colorspace
not-installed"texlive-colorspace-doc
not-installed"texlive-colortab
not-installed"texlive-colortab-doc
not-installed"texlive-colortbl
not-installed"texlive-colortbl-doc
not-installed"texlive-colorwav
not-installed"texlive-colorwav-doc
not-installed"texlive-colorweb
not-installed"texlive-colorweb-doc
not-installed"texlive-colourchange
not-installed"texlive-colourchange-doc
not-installed"texlive-combelow
not-installed"texlive-combelow-doc
not-installed"texlive-combine
not-installed"texlive-combine-doc
not-installed"texlive-combinedgraphics
not-installed"texlive-combinedgraphics-doc
not-installed"texlive-comfortaa
not-installed"texlive-comfortaa-doc
not-installed"texlive-comfortaa-fonts
not-installed"texlive-comicneue
not-installed"texlive-comicneue-doc
not-installed"texlive-comicneue-fonts
not-installed"texlive-comma
not-installed"texlive-comma-doc
not-installed"texlive-commado
not-installed"texlive-commado-doc
not-installed"texlive-commath
not-installed"texlive-commath-doc
not-installed"texlive-comment
not-installed"texlive-comment-doc
not-installed"texlive-compactbib
not-installed"texlive-complexity
not-installed"texlive-complexity-doc
not-installed"texlive-components-of-TeX
not-installed"texlive-comprehensive
not-installed"texlive-computational-complexity
not-installed"texlive-computational-complexity-doc
not-installed"texlive-concepts
not-installed"texlive-concepts-doc
not-installed"texlive-concmath
not-installed"texlive-concmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-concmath-fonts
not-installed"texlive-concmath-fonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-concprog
not-installed"texlive-concprog-doc
not-installed"texlive-concrete
not-installed"texlive-concrete-doc
not-installed"texlive-confproc
not-installed"texlive-confproc-doc
not-installed"texlive-constants
not-installed"texlive-constants-doc
not-installed"texlive-conteq
not-installed"texlive-conteq-doc
not-installed"texlive-context
not-installed"texlive-context-account
not-installed"texlive-context-account-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-algorithmic
not-installed"texlive-context-animation
not-installed"texlive-context-animation-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-annotation
not-installed"texlive-context-annotation-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-bin
not-installed"texlive-context-bnf
not-installed"texlive-context-bnf-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-chromato
not-installed"texlive-context-chromato-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-construction-plan
not-installed"texlive-context-construction-plan-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers
not-installed"texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-degrade
not-installed"texlive-context-degrade-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-fancybreak
not-installed"texlive-context-fancybreak-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-filter
not-installed"texlive-context-filter-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-fixme
not-installed"texlive-context-fonts
not-installed"texlive-context-french
not-installed"texlive-context-french-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-fullpage
not-installed"texlive-context-fullpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-games
not-installed"texlive-context-games-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-gantt
not-installed"texlive-context-gantt-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-gnuplot
not-installed"texlive-context-gnuplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-letter
not-installed"texlive-context-letter-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-lettrine
not-installed"texlive-context-lettrine-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-lilypond
not-installed"texlive-context-lilypond-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-mathsets
not-installed"texlive-context-mathsets-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-notes-zh-cn
not-installed"texlive-context-rst
not-installed"texlive-context-rst-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-ruby
not-installed"texlive-context-ruby-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-simplefonts
not-installed"texlive-context-simplefonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-simpleslides
not-installed"texlive-context-simpleslides-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-title
not-installed"texlive-context-title-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-transliterator
not-installed"texlive-context-transliterator-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-typearea
not-installed"texlive-context-typearea-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-typescripts
not-installed"texlive-context-typescripts-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-vim
not-installed"texlive-context-vim-doc
not-installed"texlive-context-visualcounter
not-installed"texlive-context-visualcounter-doc
not-installed"texlive-continue
not-installed"texlive-continue-doc
not-installed"texlive-contour
not-installed"texlive-contour-doc
not-installed"texlive-contracard
not-installed"texlive-contracard-doc
not-installed"texlive-convbkmk
not-installed"texlive-convbkmk-bin
not-installed"texlive-convbkmk-doc
not-installed"texlive-cooking
not-installed"texlive-cooking-doc
not-installed"texlive-cookingsymbols
not-installed"texlive-cookingsymbols-doc
not-installed"texlive-cool
not-installed"texlive-cool-doc
not-installed"texlive-coollist
not-installed"texlive-coollist-doc
not-installed"texlive-coolstr
not-installed"texlive-coolstr-doc
not-installed"texlive-coolthms
not-installed"texlive-coolthms-doc
not-installed"texlive-cooltooltips
not-installed"texlive-cooltooltips-doc
not-installed"texlive-coordsys
not-installed"texlive-coordsys-doc
not-installed"texlive-copyedit
not-installed"texlive-copyedit-doc
not-installed"texlive-copyrightbox
not-installed"texlive-copyrightbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-coseoul
not-installed"texlive-coseoul-doc
not-installed"texlive-countriesofeurope
not-installed"texlive-countriesofeurope-doc
not-installed"texlive-countriesofeurope-fonts
not-installed"texlive-counttexruns
not-installed"texlive-counttexruns-doc
not-installed"texlive-courier
not-installed"texlive-courier-fonts
not-installed"texlive-courier-scaled
not-installed"texlive-courier-scaled-doc
not-installed"texlive-courseoutline
not-installed"texlive-courseoutline-doc
not-installed"texlive-coursepaper
not-installed"texlive-coursepaper-doc
not-installed"texlive-coverpage
not-installed"texlive-coverpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-covington
not-installed"texlive-covington-doc
not-installed"texlive-cprotect
not-installed"texlive-cprotect-doc
not-installed"texlive-crbox
not-installed"texlive-crbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-crimson
not-installed"texlive-crimson-doc
not-installed"texlive-crimson-fonts
not-installed"texlive-crop
not-installed"texlive-crop-doc
not-installed"texlive-crossreference
not-installed"texlive-crossreference-doc
not-installed"texlive-crossrefware
not-installed"texlive-crossrefware-bin
not-installed"texlive-crossrefware-doc
not-installed"texlive-crossword
not-installed"texlive-crossword-doc
not-installed"texlive-crosswrd
not-installed"texlive-crosswrd-doc
not-installed"texlive-cryptocode
not-installed"texlive-cryptocode-doc
not-installed"texlive-cryst
not-installed"texlive-cryst-doc
not-installed"texlive-cryst-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cs
not-installed"texlive-cs-fonts
not-installed"texlive-csbulletin
not-installed"texlive-csbulletin-doc
not-installed"texlive-cslatex
not-installed"texlive-cslatex-bin
not-installed"texlive-csplain
not-installed"texlive-csplain-bin
not-installed"texlive-csquotes
not-installed"texlive-csquotes-de
not-installed"texlive-csquotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-cstex
not-installed"texlive-csvsimple
not-installed"texlive-csvsimple-doc
not-installed"texlive-ctable
not-installed"texlive-ctable-doc
not-installed"texlive-ctablestack
not-installed"texlive-ctablestack-doc
not-installed"texlive-ctan_chk
not-installed"texlive-ctanify
not-installed"texlive-ctanify-bin
not-installed"texlive-ctanify-doc
not-installed"texlive-ctanupload
not-installed"texlive-ctanupload-bin
not-installed"texlive-ctanupload-doc
not-installed"texlive-ctex
not-installed"texlive-ctex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ctex-faq
not-installed"texlive-ctib
not-installed"texlive-ctib-doc
not-installed"texlive-ctie
not-installed"texlive-ctie-bin
not-installed"texlive-cuisine
not-installed"texlive-cuisine-doc
not-installed"texlive-currfile
not-installed"texlive-currfile-doc
not-installed"texlive-currvita
not-installed"texlive-currvita-doc
not-installed"texlive-cursolatex
not-installed"texlive-curve
not-installed"texlive-curve-doc
not-installed"texlive-curve2e
not-installed"texlive-curve2e-doc
not-installed"texlive-curves
not-installed"texlive-curves-doc
not-installed"texlive-custom-bib
not-installed"texlive-custom-bib-doc
not-installed"texlive-cutwin
not-installed"texlive-cutwin-doc
not-installed"texlive-cv
not-installed"texlive-cv-doc
not-installed"texlive-cv4tw
not-installed"texlive-cv4tw-doc
not-installed"texlive-cweb
not-installed"texlive-cweb-bin
not-installed"texlive-cweb-doc
not-installed"texlive-cweb-latex
not-installed"texlive-cweb-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-cyber
not-installed"texlive-cyber-doc
not-installed"texlive-cybercic
not-installed"texlive-cybercic-doc
not-installed"texlive-cyklop
not-installed"texlive-cyklop-doc
not-installed"texlive-cyklop-fonts
not-installed"texlive-cyrillic
not-installed"texlive-cyrillic-bin
not-installed"texlive-cyrillic-bin-bin
not-installed"texlive-cyrillic-bin-doc
not-installed"texlive-cyrillic-doc
not-installed"texlive-cyrplain
not-installed"texlive-dad
not-installed"texlive-dad-doc
not-installed"texlive-dad-fonts
not-installed"texlive-dancers
not-installed"texlive-dantelogo
not-installed"texlive-dantelogo-doc
not-installed"texlive-dantelogo-fonts
not-installed"texlive-dashbox
not-installed"texlive-dashbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-dashrule
not-installed"texlive-dashrule-doc
not-installed"texlive-dashundergaps
not-installed"texlive-dashundergaps-doc
not-installed"texlive-dataref
not-installed"texlive-dataref-doc
not-installed"texlive-datatool
not-installed"texlive-datatool-doc
not-installed"texlive-dateiliste
not-installed"texlive-dateiliste-doc
not-installed"texlive-datenumber
not-installed"texlive-datenumber-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime
not-installed"texlive-datetime-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-bahasai
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-bahasai-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-basque
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-basque-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-breton
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-breton-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-bulgarian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-bulgarian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-catalan
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-catalan-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-croatian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-croatian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-czech
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-czech-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-danish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-danish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-dutch
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-dutch-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-english
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-english-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-esperanto
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-esperanto-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-estonian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-estonian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-finnish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-finnish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-french
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-french-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-galician
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-galician-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-german
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-german-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-greek
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-greek-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-hebrew
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-hebrew-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-icelandic
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-icelandic-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-irish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-irish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-italian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-italian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-latin
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-latin-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-lsorbian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-lsorbian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-magyar
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-magyar-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-norsk
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-norsk-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-polish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-polish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-portuges
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-portuges-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-romanian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-romanian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-russian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-russian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-samin
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-samin-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-scottish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-scottish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-serbian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-serbian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-slovak
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-slovak-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-slovene
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-slovene-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-spanish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-spanish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-swedish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-swedish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-turkish
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-turkish-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-ukrainian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-ukrainian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-usorbian
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-usorbian-doc
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-welsh
not-installed"texlive-datetime2-welsh-doc
not-installed"texlive-dblfloatfix
not-installed"texlive-dblfloatfix-doc
not-installed"texlive-dccpaper
not-installed"texlive-dccpaper-doc
not-installed"texlive-dcpic
not-installed"texlive-dcpic-doc
not-installed"texlive-de-macro
not-installed"texlive-de-macro-bin
not-installed"texlive-de-macro-doc
not-installed"texlive-decimal
not-installed"texlive-decimal-doc
not-installed"texlive-decorule
not-installed"texlive-decorule-doc
not-installed"texlive-dehyph-exptl
not-installed"texlive-dehyph-exptl-doc
not-installed"texlive-dejavu
not-installed"texlive-dejavu-doc
not-installed"texlive-dejavu-fonts
not-installed"texlive-delim
not-installed"texlive-delim-doc
not-installed"texlive-delimseasy
not-installed"texlive-delimseasy-doc
not-installed"texlive-delimtxt
not-installed"texlive-delimtxt-doc
not-installed"texlive-denisbdoc
not-installed"texlive-denisbdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-detex
not-installed"texlive-detex-bin
not-installed"texlive-devel
not-installed"texlive-devnag
not-installed"texlive-devnag-bin
not-installed"texlive-dhua
not-installed"texlive-dhua-doc
not-installed"texlive-diadia
not-installed"texlive-diadia-bin
not-installed"texlive-diadia-doc
not-installed"texlive-diagbox
not-installed"texlive-diagbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-diagmac2
not-installed"texlive-diagmac2-doc
not-installed"texlive-diagnose
not-installed"texlive-diagnose-doc
not-installed"texlive-dialogl
not-installed"texlive-dialogl-doc
not-installed"texlive-dice
not-installed"texlive-dice-doc
not-installed"texlive-dichokey
not-installed"texlive-dichokey-doc
not-installed"texlive-dickimaw
not-installed"texlive-dictsym
not-installed"texlive-dictsym-doc
not-installed"texlive-dictsym-fonts
not-installed"texlive-digiconfigs
not-installed"texlive-digiconfigs-doc
not-installed"texlive-din1505
not-installed"texlive-din1505-doc
not-installed"texlive-dinat
not-installed"texlive-dinat-doc
not-installed"texlive-dinbrief
not-installed"texlive-dinbrief-doc
not-installed"texlive-dingbat
not-installed"texlive-dingbat-doc
not-installed"texlive-directory
not-installed"texlive-directory-doc
not-installed"texlive-dirtree
not-installed"texlive-dirtree-doc
not-installed"texlive-dirtytalk
not-installed"texlive-dirtytalk-doc
not-installed"texlive-disser
not-installed"texlive-disser-doc
not-installed"texlive-dithesis
not-installed"texlive-dithesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-dk-bib
not-installed"texlive-dk-bib-doc
not-installed"texlive-dlfltxb
not-installed"texlive-dlfltxb-doc
not-installed"texlive-dnaseq
not-installed"texlive-dnaseq-doc
not-installed"texlive-dnp
not-installed"texlive-doc-pictex
not-installed"texlive-docbytex
not-installed"texlive-docbytex-doc
not-installed"texlive-doclicense
not-installed"texlive-doclicense-doc
not-installed"texlive-docmfp
not-installed"texlive-docmfp-doc
not-installed"texlive-docmute
not-installed"texlive-docmute-doc
not-installed"texlive-doctools
not-installed"texlive-doctools-doc
not-installed"texlive-documentation
not-installed"texlive-documentation-doc
not-installed"texlive-doi
not-installed"texlive-doi-doc
not-installed"texlive-doipubmed
not-installed"texlive-doipubmed-doc
not-installed"texlive-dosepsbin
not-installed"texlive-dosepsbin-bin
not-installed"texlive-dosepsbin-doc
not-installed"texlive-dot2texi
not-installed"texlive-dot2texi-doc
not-installed"texlive-dotarrow
not-installed"texlive-dotarrow-doc
not-installed"texlive-dotseqn
not-installed"texlive-dotseqn-doc
not-installed"texlive-dottex
not-installed"texlive-dottex-doc
not-installed"texlive-doublestroke
not-installed"texlive-doublestroke-doc
not-installed"texlive-doublestroke-fonts
not-installed"texlive-dowith
not-installed"texlive-dowith-doc
not-installed"texlive-download
not-installed"texlive-download-doc
not-installed"texlive-dox
not-installed"texlive-dox-doc
not-installed"texlive-dozenal
not-installed"texlive-dozenal-doc
not-installed"texlive-dozenal-fonts
not-installed"texlive-dpfloat
not-installed"texlive-dpfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-dprogress
not-installed"texlive-dprogress-doc
not-installed"texlive-drac
not-installed"texlive-drac-doc
not-installed"texlive-draftcopy
not-installed"texlive-draftcopy-doc
not-installed"texlive-draftwatermark
not-installed"texlive-draftwatermark-doc
not-installed"texlive-dramatist
not-installed"texlive-dramatist-doc
not-installed"texlive-dratex
not-installed"texlive-dratex-doc
not-installed"texlive-drawmatrix
not-installed"texlive-drawmatrix-doc
not-installed"texlive-drawstack
not-installed"texlive-drawstack-doc
not-installed"texlive-drm
not-installed"texlive-drm-doc
not-installed"texlive-drm-fonts
not-installed"texlive-droid
not-installed"texlive-droid-doc
not-installed"texlive-droid-fonts
not-installed"texlive-droit-fr
not-installed"texlive-droit-fr-doc
not-installed"texlive-drs
not-installed"texlive-drs-doc
not-installed"texlive-drv
not-installed"texlive-drv-doc
not-installed"texlive-dsptricks
not-installed"texlive-dsptricks-doc
not-installed"texlive-dtk
not-installed"texlive-dtk-doc
not-installed"texlive-dtl
not-installed"texlive-dtl-bin
not-installed"texlive-dtxgallery
not-installed"texlive-dtxgallery-doc
not-installed"texlive-dtxgen
not-installed"texlive-dtxgen-bin
not-installed"texlive-dtxgen-doc
not-installed"texlive-dtxtut
not-installed"texlive-duerer
not-installed"texlive-duerer-doc
not-installed"texlive-duerer-latex
not-installed"texlive-duerer-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-duotenzor
not-installed"texlive-duotenzor-doc
not-installed"texlive-dutchcal
not-installed"texlive-dutchcal-doc
not-installed"texlive-dutchcal-fonts
not-installed"texlive-dvdcoll
not-installed"texlive-dvdcoll-doc
not-installed"texlive-dvgloss
not-installed"texlive-dvgloss-doc
not-installed"texlive-dviasm
not-installed"texlive-dviasm-bin
not-installed"texlive-dviasm-doc
not-installed"texlive-dvicopy
not-installed"texlive-dvicopy-bin
not-installed"texlive-dvidvi
not-installed"texlive-dvidvi-bin
not-installed"texlive-dviincl
not-installed"texlive-dviincl-doc
not-installed"texlive-dviljk
not-installed"texlive-dviljk-bin
not-installed"texlive-dvipdfmx
not-installed"texlive-dvipdfmx-bin
not-installed"texlive-dvipdfmx-def
not-installed"texlive-dvipdfmx-def-doc
not-installed"texlive-dvipdfmx-doc
not-installed"texlive-dvipng
not-installed"texlive-dvipng-bin
not-installed"texlive-dvipos
not-installed"texlive-dvipos-bin
not-installed"texlive-dvips
not-installed"texlive-dvips-bin
not-installed"texlive-dvips-doc
not-installed"texlive-dvipsconfig
not-installed"texlive-dvisvgm
not-installed"texlive-dvisvgm-bin
not-installed"texlive-dvisvgm-def
not-installed"texlive-dvisvgm-def-doc
not-installed"texlive-dynamicnumber
not-installed"texlive-dynamicnumber-doc
not-installed"texlive-dynblocks
not-installed"texlive-dynblocks-doc
not-installed"texlive-dyntree
not-installed"texlive-dyntree-doc
not-installed"texlive-e-french
not-installed"texlive-e-french-doc
not-installed"texlive-ean
not-installed"texlive-ean-doc
not-installed"texlive-ean13isbn
not-installed"texlive-ean13isbn-doc
not-installed"texlive-easy
not-installed"texlive-easy-doc
not-installed"texlive-easy-todo
not-installed"texlive-easy-todo-doc
not-installed"texlive-easyfig
not-installed"texlive-easyfig-doc
not-installed"texlive-easylist
not-installed"texlive-easylist-doc
not-installed"texlive-easyreview
not-installed"texlive-easyreview-doc
not-installed"texlive-ebezier
not-installed"texlive-ebezier-doc
not-installed"texlive-ebgaramond
not-installed"texlive-ebgaramond-doc
not-installed"texlive-ebgaramond-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ebgaramond-maths
not-installed"texlive-ebgaramond-maths-doc
not-installed"texlive-ebong
not-installed"texlive-ebong-bin
not-installed"texlive-ebong-doc
not-installed"texlive-ebook
not-installed"texlive-ebook-doc
not-installed"texlive-ebproof
not-installed"texlive-ebproof-doc
not-installed"texlive-ebsthesis
not-installed"texlive-ebsthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-ec
not-installed"texlive-ec-doc
not-installed"texlive-ecc
not-installed"texlive-ecc-doc
not-installed"texlive-ecclesiastic
not-installed"texlive-ecclesiastic-doc
not-installed"texlive-ecltree
not-installed"texlive-ecltree-doc
not-installed"texlive-eco
not-installed"texlive-eco-doc
not-installed"texlive-ecobiblatex
not-installed"texlive-ecobiblatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-econometrics
not-installed"texlive-econometrics-doc
not-installed"texlive-economic
not-installed"texlive-economic-doc
not-installed"texlive-ecv
not-installed"texlive-ecv-doc
not-installed"texlive-ed
not-installed"texlive-ed-doc
not-installed"texlive-edfnotes
not-installed"texlive-edfnotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-edmac
not-installed"texlive-edmac-doc
not-installed"texlive-edmargin
not-installed"texlive-edmargin-doc
not-installed"texlive-ednotes
not-installed"texlive-ednotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-eemeir
not-installed"texlive-eemeir-doc
not-installed"texlive-eepic
not-installed"texlive-eepic-doc
not-installed"texlive-efbox
not-installed"texlive-efbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-egameps
not-installed"texlive-egameps-doc
not-installed"texlive-egplot
not-installed"texlive-egplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-eiad
not-installed"texlive-eiad-doc
not-installed"texlive-eiad-ltx
not-installed"texlive-eiad-ltx-doc
not-installed"texlive-eijkhout
not-installed"texlive-einfuehrung
not-installed"texlive-einfuehrung2
not-installed"texlive-ejpecp
not-installed"texlive-ejpecp-doc
not-installed"texlive-ekaia
not-installed"texlive-ekaia-doc
not-installed"texlive-elbioimp
not-installed"texlive-elbioimp-doc
not-installed"texlive-electrum
not-installed"texlive-electrum-doc
not-installed"texlive-electrum-fonts
not-installed"texlive-eledform
not-installed"texlive-eledform-doc
not-installed"texlive-eledmac
not-installed"texlive-eledmac-doc
not-installed"texlive-elements
not-installed"texlive-elements-doc
not-installed"texlive-ellipse
not-installed"texlive-ellipse-doc
not-installed"texlive-ellipsis
not-installed"texlive-ellipsis-doc
not-installed"texlive-elmath
not-installed"texlive-elmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-elocalloc
not-installed"texlive-elocalloc-doc
not-installed"texlive-elpres
not-installed"texlive-elpres-doc
not-installed"texlive-elsarticle
not-installed"texlive-elsarticle-doc
not-installed"texlive-elteikthesis
not-installed"texlive-elteikthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-eltex
not-installed"texlive-eltex-doc
not-installed"texlive-elvish
not-installed"texlive-elvish-doc
not-installed"texlive-elzcards
not-installed"texlive-elzcards-doc
not-installed"texlive-emarks
not-installed"texlive-emarks-doc
not-installed"texlive-embedall
not-installed"texlive-embedall-doc
not-installed"texlive-embrac
not-installed"texlive-embrac-doc
not-installed"texlive-emisa
not-installed"texlive-emisa-doc
not-installed"texlive-emp
not-installed"texlive-emp-doc
not-installed"texlive-emptypage
not-installed"texlive-emptypage-doc
not-installed"texlive-emulateapj
not-installed"texlive-emulateapj-doc
not-installed"texlive-enctex
not-installed"texlive-enctex-doc
not-installed"texlive-encxvlna
not-installed"texlive-encxvlna-doc
not-installed"texlive-endfloat
not-installed"texlive-endfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-endheads
not-installed"texlive-endheads-doc
not-installed"texlive-endiagram
not-installed"texlive-endiagram-doc
not-installed"texlive-endnotes
not-installed"texlive-endnotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-engpron
not-installed"texlive-engpron-doc
not-installed"texlive-engrec
not-installed"texlive-engrec-doc
not-installed"texlive-engtlc
not-installed"texlive-engtlc-doc
not-installed"texlive-enigma
not-installed"texlive-enigma-doc
not-installed"texlive-enotez
not-installed"texlive-enotez-doc
not-installed"texlive-enumitem
not-installed"texlive-enumitem-doc
not-installed"texlive-enumitem-zref
not-installed"texlive-enumitem-zref-doc
not-installed"texlive-envbig
not-installed"texlive-envbig-doc
not-installed"texlive-environ
not-installed"texlive-environ-doc
not-installed"texlive-envlab
not-installed"texlive-envlab-doc
not-installed"texlive-epigrafica
not-installed"texlive-epigrafica-doc
not-installed"texlive-epigrafica-fonts
not-installed"texlive-epigram
not-installed"texlive-epigraph
not-installed"texlive-epigraph-doc
not-installed"texlive-epiolmec
not-installed"texlive-epiolmec-doc
not-installed"texlive-epiolmec-fonts
not-installed"texlive-eplain
not-installed"texlive-eplain-bin
not-installed"texlive-eplain-doc
not-installed"texlive-epsdice
not-installed"texlive-epsdice-doc
not-installed"texlive-epsf
not-installed"texlive-epsf-doc
not-installed"texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx
not-installed"texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx-doc
not-installed"texlive-epsincl
not-installed"texlive-epsincl-doc
not-installed"texlive-epslatex-fr
not-installed"texlive-epspdf
not-installed"texlive-epspdf-bin
not-installed"texlive-epspdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-epspdfconversion
not-installed"texlive-epspdfconversion-doc
not-installed"texlive-epstopdf
not-installed"texlive-epstopdf-bin
not-installed"texlive-epstopdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-eqell
not-installed"texlive-eqell-doc
not-installed"texlive-eqlist
not-installed"texlive-eqlist-doc
not-installed"texlive-eqname
not-installed"texlive-eqnarray
not-installed"texlive-eqnarray-doc
not-installed"texlive-eqparbox
not-installed"texlive-eqparbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-erdc
not-installed"texlive-erdc-doc
not-installed"texlive-erewhon
not-installed"texlive-erewhon-doc
not-installed"texlive-erewhon-fonts
not-installed"texlive-errata
not-installed"texlive-errata-doc
not-installed"texlive-es-tex-faq
not-installed"texlive-esami
not-installed"texlive-esami-doc
not-installed"texlive-esdiff
not-installed"texlive-esdiff-doc
not-installed"texlive-esint
not-installed"texlive-esint-doc
not-installed"texlive-esint-type1
not-installed"texlive-esint-type1-doc
not-installed"texlive-esint-type1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-esk
not-installed"texlive-esk-doc
not-installed"texlive-eskd
not-installed"texlive-eskd-doc
not-installed"texlive-eskdx
not-installed"texlive-eskdx-doc
not-installed"texlive-eso-pic
not-installed"texlive-eso-pic-doc
not-installed"texlive-esrelation
not-installed"texlive-esrelation-doc
not-installed"texlive-esrelation-fonts
not-installed"texlive-esstix
not-installed"texlive-esstix-doc
not-installed"texlive-esstix-fonts
not-installed"texlive-estcpmm
not-installed"texlive-estcpmm-doc
not-installed"texlive-esvect
not-installed"texlive-esvect-doc
not-installed"texlive-esvect-fonts
not-installed"texlive-etaremune
not-installed"texlive-etaremune-doc
not-installed"texlive-etdipa
not-installed"texlive-etex
not-installed"texlive-etex-doc
not-installed"texlive-etex-pkg
not-installed"texlive-etex-pkg-doc
not-installed"texlive-etextools
not-installed"texlive-etextools-doc
not-installed"texlive-ethiop
not-installed"texlive-ethiop-doc
not-installed"texlive-ethiop-t1
not-installed"texlive-ethiop-t1-doc
not-installed"texlive-ethiop-t1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-etoc
not-installed"texlive-etoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-etoolbox
not-installed"texlive-etoolbox-de
not-installed"texlive-etoolbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-euenc
not-installed"texlive-euenc-doc
not-installed"texlive-eukdate
not-installed"texlive-eukdate-doc
not-installed"texlive-euler
not-installed"texlive-euler-doc
not-installed"texlive-eulervm
not-installed"texlive-eulervm-doc
not-installed"texlive-euro
not-installed"texlive-euro-ce
not-installed"texlive-euro-ce-doc
not-installed"texlive-euro-doc
not-installed"texlive-europasscv
not-installed"texlive-europasscv-doc
not-installed"texlive-europecv
not-installed"texlive-europecv-doc
not-installed"texlive-eurosym
not-installed"texlive-eurosym-doc
not-installed"texlive-eurosym-fonts
not-installed"texlive-euxm
not-installed"texlive-everyhook
not-installed"texlive-everyhook-doc
not-installed"texlive-everypage
not-installed"texlive-everypage-doc
not-installed"texlive-exam
not-installed"texlive-exam-doc
not-installed"texlive-exam-n
not-installed"texlive-exam-n-doc
not-installed"texlive-examdesign
not-installed"texlive-examdesign-doc
not-installed"texlive-example
not-installed"texlive-examplep
not-installed"texlive-examplep-doc
not-installed"texlive-exceltex
not-installed"texlive-exceltex-bin
not-installed"texlive-exceltex-doc
not-installed"texlive-excludeonly
not-installed"texlive-excludeonly-doc
not-installed"texlive-exercise
not-installed"texlive-exercise-doc
not-installed"texlive-exercises
not-installed"texlive-exercises-doc
not-installed"texlive-exp-testopt
not-installed"texlive-exp-testopt-doc
not-installed"texlive-expdlist
not-installed"texlive-expdlist-doc
not-installed"texlive-expex
not-installed"texlive-expex-doc
not-installed"texlive-export
not-installed"texlive-export-doc
not-installed"texlive-expressg
not-installed"texlive-expressg-doc
not-installed"texlive-exsheets
not-installed"texlive-exsheets-doc
not-installed"texlive-exsol
not-installed"texlive-exsol-doc
not-installed"texlive-extarrows
not-installed"texlive-extarrows-doc
not-installed"texlive-exteps
not-installed"texlive-exteps-doc
not-installed"texlive-extpfeil
not-installed"texlive-extpfeil-doc
not-installed"texlive-extract
not-installed"texlive-extract-doc
not-installed"texlive-extratools
not-installed"texlive-extsizes
not-installed"texlive-extsizes-doc
not-installed"texlive-facsimile
not-installed"texlive-facsimile-doc
not-installed"texlive-factura
not-installed"texlive-factura-doc
not-installed"texlive-facture
not-installed"texlive-facture-doc
not-installed"texlive-faktor
not-installed"texlive-faktor-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancybox
not-installed"texlive-fancybox-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancyhdr
not-installed"texlive-fancyhdr-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancyhdr-it
not-installed"texlive-fancylabel
not-installed"texlive-fancylabel-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancynum
not-installed"texlive-fancynum-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancypar
not-installed"texlive-fancypar-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancyref
not-installed"texlive-fancyref-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancyslides
not-installed"texlive-fancyslides-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancytabs
not-installed"texlive-fancytabs-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancytooltips
not-installed"texlive-fancytooltips-doc
not-installed"texlive-fancyvrb
not-installed"texlive-fancyvrb-doc
not-installed"texlive-fandol
not-installed"texlive-fandol-doc
not-installed"texlive-fandol-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fast-diagram
not-installed"texlive-fast-diagram-doc
not-installed"texlive-fbb
not-installed"texlive-fbb-doc
not-installed"texlive-fbb-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fbithesis
not-installed"texlive-fbithesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-fbs
not-installed"texlive-fc
not-installed"texlive-fc-doc
not-installed"texlive-fcavtex
not-installed"texlive-fcavtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-fcltxdoc
not-installed"texlive-fcltxdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-fcolumn
not-installed"texlive-fcolumn-doc
not-installed"texlive-fdsymbol
not-installed"texlive-fdsymbol-doc
not-installed"texlive-fdsymbol-fonts
not-installed"texlive-featpost
not-installed"texlive-featpost-doc
not-installed"texlive-fei
not-installed"texlive-fei-doc
not-installed"texlive-fenixpar
not-installed"texlive-fenixpar-doc
not-installed"texlive-fetamont
not-installed"texlive-fetamont-doc
not-installed"texlive-fetamont-fonts
not-installed"texlive-feupphdteses
not-installed"texlive-feupphdteses-doc
not-installed"texlive-feyn
not-installed"texlive-feyn-doc
not-installed"texlive-feynmf
not-installed"texlive-feynmf-doc
not-installed"texlive-feynmp-auto
not-installed"texlive-feynmp-auto-doc
not-installed"texlive-ffslides
not-installed"texlive-ffslides-doc
not-installed"texlive-fge
not-installed"texlive-fge-doc
not-installed"texlive-fge-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fibeamer
not-installed"texlive-fibeamer-doc
not-installed"texlive-fifinddo-info
not-installed"texlive-fifinddo-info-doc
not-installed"texlive-fifo-stack
not-installed"texlive-fifo-stack-doc
not-installed"texlive-fig4latex
not-installed"texlive-fig4latex-bin
not-installed"texlive-fig4latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-figbas
not-installed"texlive-figbas-doc
not-installed"texlive-figbas-fonts
not-installed"texlive-figbib
not-installed"texlive-figbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-figflow
not-installed"texlive-figflow-doc
not-installed"texlive-figsize
not-installed"texlive-figsize-doc
not-installed"texlive-filecontents
not-installed"texlive-filecontents-doc
not-installed"texlive-filedate
not-installed"texlive-filedate-doc
not-installed"texlive-filehook
not-installed"texlive-filehook-doc
not-installed"texlive-fileinfo
not-installed"texlive-fileinfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-filemod
not-installed"texlive-filemod-doc
not-installed"texlive-filesystem
not-installed"texlive-finbib
not-installed"texlive-findhyph
not-installed"texlive-findhyph-bin
not-installed"texlive-findhyph-doc
not-installed"texlive-fink
not-installed"texlive-fink-doc
not-installed"texlive-finstrut
not-installed"texlive-finstrut-doc
not-installed"texlive-fira
not-installed"texlive-fira-doc
not-installed"texlive-fira-fonts
not-installed"texlive-first-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-fitbox
not-installed"texlive-fitbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-fithesis
not-installed"texlive-fithesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-fix2col
not-installed"texlive-fix2col-doc
not-installed"texlive-fixcmex
not-installed"texlive-fixcmex-doc
not-installed"texlive-fixfoot
not-installed"texlive-fixfoot-doc
not-installed"texlive-fixlatvian
not-installed"texlive-fixlatvian-doc
not-installed"texlive-fixltxhyph
not-installed"texlive-fixltxhyph-doc
not-installed"texlive-fixme
not-installed"texlive-fixme-doc
not-installed"texlive-fixmetodonotes
not-installed"texlive-fixmetodonotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-fixpdfmag
not-installed"texlive-fjodor
not-installed"texlive-fjodor-doc
not-installed"texlive-flabels
not-installed"texlive-flabels-doc
not-installed"texlive-flacards
not-installed"texlive-flacards-doc
not-installed"texlive-flagderiv
not-installed"texlive-flagderiv-doc
not-installed"texlive-flashcards
not-installed"texlive-flashcards-doc
not-installed"texlive-flashmovie
not-installed"texlive-flashmovie-doc
not-installed"texlive-flipbook
not-installed"texlive-flipbook-doc
not-installed"texlive-flippdf
not-installed"texlive-flippdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-float
not-installed"texlive-float-doc
not-installed"texlive-floatrow
not-installed"texlive-floatrow-doc
not-installed"texlive-flowchart
not-installed"texlive-flowchart-doc
not-installed"texlive-flowfram
not-installed"texlive-flowfram-doc
not-installed"texlive-fltpoint
not-installed"texlive-fltpoint-doc
not-installed"texlive-fmp
not-installed"texlive-fmp-doc
not-installed"texlive-fmtcount
not-installed"texlive-fmtcount-doc
not-installed"texlive-fn2end
not-installed"texlive-fn2end-doc
not-installed"texlive-fnbreak
not-installed"texlive-fnbreak-doc
not-installed"texlive-fncychap
not-installed"texlive-fncychap-doc
not-installed"texlive-fncylab
not-installed"texlive-fncylab-doc
not-installed"texlive-fnpara
not-installed"texlive-fnpara-doc
not-installed"texlive-fnpct
not-installed"texlive-fnpct-doc
not-installed"texlive-fntproof
not-installed"texlive-fntproof-doc
not-installed"texlive-fnumprint
not-installed"texlive-fnumprint-doc
not-installed"texlive-foekfont
not-installed"texlive-foekfont-doc
not-installed"texlive-foekfont-fonts
not-installed"texlive-foilhtml
not-installed"texlive-foilhtml-doc
not-installed"texlive-fonetika
not-installed"texlive-fonetika-doc
not-installed"texlive-fonetika-fonts
not-installed"texlive-font-change
not-installed"texlive-font-change-doc
not-installed"texlive-font-change-xetex
not-installed"texlive-font-change-xetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontawesome
not-installed"texlive-fontawesome-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontawesome-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fontaxes
not-installed"texlive-fontaxes-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontbook
not-installed"texlive-fontbook-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontch
not-installed"texlive-fontch-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontinst
not-installed"texlive-fontinst-bin
not-installed"texlive-fontinst-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontmfizz
not-installed"texlive-fontmfizz-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontmfizz-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fontname
not-installed"texlive-fontname-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontools
not-installed"texlive-fontools-bin
not-installed"texlive-fontools-doc
not-installed"texlive-fonts-churchslavonic
not-installed"texlive-fonts-churchslavonic-doc
not-installed"texlive-fonts-churchslavonic-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fonts-tlwg
not-installed"texlive-fonts-tlwg-doc
not-installed"texlive-fonts-tlwg-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fontspec
not-installed"texlive-fontspec-doc
not-installed"texlive-fonttable
not-installed"texlive-fonttable-doc
not-installed"texlive-fontware
not-installed"texlive-fontware-bin
not-installed"texlive-fontwrap
not-installed"texlive-fontwrap-doc
not-installed"texlive-footbib
not-installed"texlive-footbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-footmisc
not-installed"texlive-footmisc-doc
not-installed"texlive-footnotebackref
not-installed"texlive-footnotebackref-doc
not-installed"texlive-footnotehyper
not-installed"texlive-footnotehyper-doc
not-installed"texlive-footnoterange
not-installed"texlive-footnoterange-doc
not-installed"texlive-footnpag
not-installed"texlive-footnpag-doc
not-installed"texlive-forarray
not-installed"texlive-forarray-doc
not-installed"texlive-foreign
not-installed"texlive-foreign-doc
not-installed"texlive-forest
not-installed"texlive-forest-doc
not-installed"texlive-forloop
not-installed"texlive-forloop-doc
not-installed"texlive-formation-latex-ul
not-installed"texlive-formlett
not-installed"texlive-formlett-doc
not-installed"texlive-formular
not-installed"texlive-formular-doc
not-installed"texlive-fouridx
not-installed"texlive-fouridx-doc
not-installed"texlive-fourier
not-installed"texlive-fourier-doc
not-installed"texlive-fourier-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fouriernc
not-installed"texlive-fouriernc-doc
not-installed"texlive-fp
not-installed"texlive-fp-doc
not-installed"texlive-fpl
not-installed"texlive-fpl-doc
not-installed"texlive-fpl-fonts
not-installed"texlive-fragmaster
not-installed"texlive-fragmaster-bin
not-installed"texlive-fragmaster-doc
not-installed"texlive-fragments
not-installed"texlive-fragments-doc
not-installed"texlive-frame
not-installed"texlive-frame-doc
not-installed"texlive-framed
not-installed"texlive-framed-doc
not-installed"texlive-francais-bst
not-installed"texlive-francais-bst-doc
not-installed"texlive-frankenstein
not-installed"texlive-frankenstein-doc
not-installed"texlive-frcursive
not-installed"texlive-frcursive-doc
not-installed"texlive-frcursive-fonts
not-installed"texlive-frege
not-installed"texlive-frege-doc
not-installed"texlive-frletter
not-installed"texlive-frletter-doc
not-installed"texlive-frontespizio
not-installed"texlive-frontespizio-doc
not-installed"texlive-ftcap
not-installed"texlive-ftcap-doc
not-installed"texlive-ftnxtra
not-installed"texlive-ftnxtra-doc
not-installed"texlive-fullblck
not-installed"texlive-fullblck-doc
not-installed"texlive-fullminipage
not-installed"texlive-fullminipage-doc
not-installed"texlive-fullwidth
not-installed"texlive-fullwidth-doc
not-installed"texlive-functan
not-installed"texlive-functan-doc
not-installed"texlive-fundus-calligra
not-installed"texlive-fundus-calligra-doc
not-installed"texlive-fundus-cyr
not-installed"texlive-fundus-sueterlin
not-installed"texlive-fundus-sueterlin-doc
not-installed"texlive-fwlw
not-installed"texlive-fwlw-doc
not-installed"texlive-g-brief
not-installed"texlive-g-brief-doc
not-installed"texlive-gaceta
not-installed"texlive-gaceta-doc
not-installed"texlive-galois
not-installed"texlive-galois-doc
not-installed"texlive-gamebook
not-installed"texlive-gamebook-doc
not-installed"texlive-garrigues
not-installed"texlive-garrigues-doc
not-installed"texlive-garuda-c90
not-installed"texlive-gastex
not-installed"texlive-gastex-doc
not-installed"texlive-gatech-thesis
not-installed"texlive-gatech-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-gates
not-installed"texlive-gates-doc
not-installed"texlive-gauss
not-installed"texlive-gauss-doc
not-installed"texlive-gb4e
not-installed"texlive-gb4e-doc
not-installed"texlive-gcard
not-installed"texlive-gcard-doc
not-installed"texlive-gchords
not-installed"texlive-gchords-doc
not-installed"texlive-gcite
not-installed"texlive-gcite-doc
not-installed"texlive-gender
not-installed"texlive-gender-doc
not-installed"texlive-gene-logic
not-installed"texlive-gene-logic-doc
not-installed"texlive-genealogy
not-installed"texlive-genealogy-doc
not-installed"texlive-genealogytree
not-installed"texlive-genealogytree-doc
not-installed"texlive-genmisc
not-installed"texlive-genmpage
not-installed"texlive-genmpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-gentium-tug
not-installed"texlive-gentium-tug-doc
not-installed"texlive-gentium-tug-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gentle
not-installed"texlive-geometry
not-installed"texlive-geometry-de
not-installed"texlive-geometry-doc
not-installed"texlive-german
not-installed"texlive-german-doc
not-installed"texlive-germbib
not-installed"texlive-germbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-germkorr
not-installed"texlive-germkorr-doc
not-installed"texlive-geschichtsfrkl
not-installed"texlive-geschichtsfrkl-doc
not-installed"texlive-getfiledate
not-installed"texlive-getfiledate-doc
not-installed"texlive-getitems
not-installed"texlive-getitems-doc
not-installed"texlive-getmap
not-installed"texlive-getmap-bin
not-installed"texlive-getmap-doc
not-installed"texlive-getoptk
not-installed"texlive-getoptk-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfnotation
not-installed"texlive-gfnotation-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfsartemisia
not-installed"texlive-gfsartemisia-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfsartemisia-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gfsbaskerville
not-installed"texlive-gfsbaskerville-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfsbaskerville-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gfsbodoni
not-installed"texlive-gfsbodoni-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfsbodoni-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gfscomplutum
not-installed"texlive-gfscomplutum-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfscomplutum-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gfsdidot
not-installed"texlive-gfsdidot-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfsdidot-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gfsneohellenic
not-installed"texlive-gfsneohellenic-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfsneohellenic-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gfsporson
not-installed"texlive-gfsporson-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfsporson-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gfssolomos
not-installed"texlive-gfssolomos-doc
not-installed"texlive-gfssolomos-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ghab
not-installed"texlive-ghab-doc
not-installed"texlive-ghsystem
not-installed"texlive-ghsystem-doc
not-installed"texlive-gillcm
not-installed"texlive-gillcm-doc
not-installed"texlive-gillius
not-installed"texlive-gillius-doc
not-installed"texlive-gillius-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gincltex
not-installed"texlive-gincltex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ginpenc
not-installed"texlive-ginpenc-doc
not-installed"texlive-gitinfo
not-installed"texlive-gitinfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-gitinfo2
not-installed"texlive-gitinfo2-doc
not-installed"texlive-gitlog
not-installed"texlive-gitlog-doc
not-installed"texlive-gloss
not-installed"texlive-gloss-doc
not-installed"texlive-gloss-occitan
not-installed"texlive-gloss-occitan-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-bin
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-danish
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-danish-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-dutch
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-dutch-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-english
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-english-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-extra
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-extra-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-french
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-french-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-german
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-german-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-irish
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-irish-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-italian
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-italian-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-magyar
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-magyar-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-polish
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-polish-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-portuges
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-portuges-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-serbian
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-serbian-doc
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-spanish
not-installed"texlive-glossaries-spanish-doc
not-installed"texlive-glyphlist
not-installed"texlive-gmdoc
not-installed"texlive-gmdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-gmdoc-enhance
not-installed"texlive-gmdoc-enhance-doc
not-installed"texlive-gmiflink
not-installed"texlive-gmiflink-doc
not-installed"texlive-gmp
not-installed"texlive-gmp-doc
not-installed"texlive-gmutils
not-installed"texlive-gmutils-doc
not-installed"texlive-gmverb
not-installed"texlive-gmverb-doc
not-installed"texlive-gmverse
not-installed"texlive-gmverse-doc
not-installed"texlive-gnu-freefont
not-installed"texlive-gnu-freefont-doc
not-installed"texlive-gnu-freefont-fonts
not-installed"texlive-gnuplottex
not-installed"texlive-gnuplottex-doc
not-installed"texlive-go
not-installed"texlive-go-doc
not-installed"texlive-gobble
not-installed"texlive-gobble-doc
not-installed"texlive-gost
not-installed"texlive-gost-doc
not-installed"texlive-gothic
not-installed"texlive-gothic-doc
not-installed"texlive-gradientframe
not-installed"texlive-gradientframe-doc
not-installed"texlive-gradstudentresume
not-installed"texlive-gradstudentresume-doc
not-installed"texlive-grafcet
not-installed"texlive-grafcet-doc
not-installed"texlive-graphbox
not-installed"texlive-graphbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-graphics
not-installed"texlive-graphics-cfg
not-installed"texlive-graphics-cfg-doc
not-installed"texlive-graphics-doc
not-installed"texlive-graphics-pln
not-installed"texlive-graphics-pln-doc
not-installed"texlive-graphicx-psmin
not-installed"texlive-graphicx-psmin-doc
not-installed"texlive-graphicxbox
not-installed"texlive-graphicxbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-graphviz
not-installed"texlive-graphviz-doc
not-installed"texlive-greek-fontenc
not-installed"texlive-greek-fontenc-doc
not-installed"texlive-greek-inputenc
not-installed"texlive-greek-inputenc-doc
not-installed"texlive-greekdates
not-installed"texlive-greekdates-doc
not-installed"texlive-greektex
not-installed"texlive-greektex-doc
not-installed"texlive-greektonoi
not-installed"texlive-greektonoi-doc
not-installed"texlive-greenpoint
not-installed"texlive-greenpoint-doc
not-installed"texlive-gregoriotex
not-installed"texlive-gregoriotex-bin
not-installed"texlive-gregoriotex-doc
not-installed"texlive-gregoriotex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-grfpaste
not-installed"texlive-grfpaste-doc
not-installed"texlive-grid
not-installed"texlive-grid-doc
not-installed"texlive-grid-system
not-installed"texlive-grid-system-doc
not-installed"texlive-gridset
not-installed"texlive-gridset-doc
not-installed"texlive-grotesq
not-installed"texlive-grotesq-doc
not-installed"texlive-grotesq-fonts
not-installed"texlive-grundgesetze
not-installed"texlive-grundgesetze-doc
not-installed"texlive-gsemthesis
not-installed"texlive-gsemthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-gsftopk
not-installed"texlive-gsftopk-bin
not-installed"texlive-gsftopk-doc
not-installed"texlive-gtl
not-installed"texlive-gtl-doc
not-installed"texlive-gtrcrd
not-installed"texlive-gtrcrd-doc
not-installed"texlive-gu
not-installed"texlive-gu-doc
not-installed"texlive-guide-to-latex
not-installed"texlive-guitar
not-installed"texlive-guitar-doc
not-installed"texlive-guitarchordschemes
not-installed"texlive-guitarchordschemes-doc
not-installed"texlive-guitlogo
not-installed"texlive-guitlogo-doc
not-installed"texlive-gustlib
not-installed"texlive-gustlib-doc
not-installed"texlive-gustprog
not-installed"texlive-gzt
not-installed"texlive-gzt-doc
not-installed"texlive-h2020proposal
not-installed"texlive-h2020proposal-doc
not-installed"texlive-hacm
not-installed"texlive-hacm-doc
not-installed"texlive-hacm-fonts
not-installed"texlive-handout
not-installed"texlive-handout-doc
not-installed"texlive-hands
not-installed"texlive-hang
not-installed"texlive-hang-doc
not-installed"texlive-hanging
not-installed"texlive-hanging-doc
not-installed"texlive-hanoi
not-installed"texlive-happy4th
not-installed"texlive-har2nat
not-installed"texlive-har2nat-doc
not-installed"texlive-hardwrap
not-installed"texlive-hardwrap-doc
not-installed"texlive-harmony
not-installed"texlive-harmony-doc
not-installed"texlive-harnon-cv
not-installed"texlive-harnon-cv-doc
not-installed"texlive-harpoon
not-installed"texlive-harpoon-doc
not-installed"texlive-harvard
not-installed"texlive-harvard-doc
not-installed"texlive-harveyballs
not-installed"texlive-harveyballs-doc
not-installed"texlive-harvmac
not-installed"texlive-harvmac-doc
not-installed"texlive-hatching
not-installed"texlive-hatching-doc
not-installed"texlive-hausarbeit-jura
not-installed"texlive-hausarbeit-jura-doc
not-installed"texlive-havannah
not-installed"texlive-havannah-doc
not-installed"texlive-hc
not-installed"texlive-hc-doc
not-installed"texlive-he-she
not-installed"texlive-he-she-doc
not-installed"texlive-helvetic
not-installed"texlive-helvetic-fonts
not-installed"texlive-hep
not-installed"texlive-hep-doc
not-installed"texlive-hepnames
not-installed"texlive-hepnames-doc
not-installed"texlive-hepparticles
not-installed"texlive-hepparticles-doc
not-installed"texlive-hepthesis
not-installed"texlive-hepthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-hepunits
not-installed"texlive-hepunits-doc
not-installed"texlive-here
not-installed"texlive-here-doc
not-installed"texlive-heuristica
not-installed"texlive-heuristica-doc
not-installed"texlive-heuristica-fonts
not-installed"texlive-hexgame
not-installed"texlive-hexgame-doc
not-installed"texlive-hf-tikz
not-installed"texlive-hf-tikz-doc
not-installed"texlive-hfbright
not-installed"texlive-hfbright-doc
not-installed"texlive-hfbright-fonts
not-installed"texlive-hfoldsty
not-installed"texlive-hfoldsty-doc
not-installed"texlive-hhtensor
not-installed"texlive-hhtensor-doc
not-installed"texlive-histogr
not-installed"texlive-histogr-doc
not-installed"texlive-historische-zeitschrift
not-installed"texlive-historische-zeitschrift-doc
not-installed"texlive-hitec
not-installed"texlive-hitec-doc
not-installed"texlive-hletter
not-installed"texlive-hletter-doc
not-installed"texlive-hobby
not-installed"texlive-hobby-doc
not-installed"texlive-hobete
not-installed"texlive-hobete-doc
not-installed"texlive-hook-pre-commit-pkg
not-installed"texlive-horoscop
not-installed"texlive-horoscop-doc
not-installed"texlive-hpsdiss
not-installed"texlive-hpsdiss-doc
not-installed"texlive-hrefhide
not-installed"texlive-hrefhide-doc
not-installed"texlive-hrlatex
not-installed"texlive-hrlatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-hvfloat
not-installed"texlive-hvfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-hvindex
not-installed"texlive-hvindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-hypdvips
not-installed"texlive-hypdvips-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyper
not-installed"texlive-hyper-doc
not-installed"texlive-hypernat
not-installed"texlive-hypernat-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyperref
not-installed"texlive-hyperref-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyperref-docsrc
not-installed"texlive-hyperxmp
not-installed"texlive-hyperxmp-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyph-utf8
not-installed"texlive-hyph-utf8-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-afrikaans
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-ancientgreek
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-arabic
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-armenian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-base
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-basque
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-bulgarian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-bulgarian-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-catalan
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-chinese
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-churchslavonic
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-coptic
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-croatian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-czech
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-danish
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-dutch
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-english
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-esperanto
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-estonian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-ethiopic
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-farsi
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-finnish
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-french
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-friulan
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-galician
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-georgian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-german
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-greek
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-greek-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-hungarian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-hungarian-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-icelandic
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-indic
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-indonesian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-interlingua
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-irish
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-italian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-kurmanji
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-latin
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-latvian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-lithuanian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-mongolian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-norwegian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-occitan
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-piedmontese
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-polish
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-portuguese
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-romanian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-romansh
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-russian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-sanskrit
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-sanskrit-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-serbian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-slovak
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-slovenian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-spanish
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-spanish-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-swedish
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-thai
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-turkish
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-turkmen
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-ukrainian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-uppersorbian
not-installed"texlive-hyphen-welsh
not-installed"texlive-hyphenat
not-installed"texlive-hyphenat-doc
not-installed"texlive-hyphenex
not-installed"texlive-hyplain
not-installed"texlive-hyplain-doc
not-installed"texlive-ibycus-babel
not-installed"texlive-ibycus-babel-doc
not-installed"texlive-ibygrk
not-installed"texlive-ibygrk-doc
not-installed"texlive-ibygrk-fonts
not-installed"texlive-icsv
not-installed"texlive-icsv-doc
not-installed"texlive-idxcmds
not-installed"texlive-idxcmds-doc
not-installed"texlive-idxlayout
not-installed"texlive-idxlayout-doc
not-installed"texlive-ieeepes
not-installed"texlive-ieeepes-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifetex
not-installed"texlive-ifetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-iffont
not-installed"texlive-iffont-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifluatex
not-installed"texlive-ifluatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifmslide
not-installed"texlive-ifmslide-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifmtarg
not-installed"texlive-ifmtarg-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifnextok
not-installed"texlive-ifnextok-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifoddpage
not-installed"texlive-ifoddpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifplatform
not-installed"texlive-ifplatform-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifsym
not-installed"texlive-ifsym-doc
not-installed"texlive-iftex
not-installed"texlive-iftex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifthenx
not-installed"texlive-ifthenx-doc
not-installed"texlive-ifxetex
not-installed"texlive-ifxetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-iitem
not-installed"texlive-iitem-doc
not-installed"texlive-ijmart
not-installed"texlive-ijmart-doc
not-installed"texlive-ijqc
not-installed"texlive-ijqc-doc
not-installed"texlive-imac
not-installed"texlive-imac-doc
not-installed"texlive-image-gallery
not-installed"texlive-image-gallery-doc
not-installed"texlive-imakeidx
not-installed"texlive-imakeidx-doc
not-installed"texlive-imfellenglish
not-installed"texlive-imfellenglish-doc
not-installed"texlive-imfellenglish-fonts
not-installed"texlive-impatient
not-installed"texlive-impatient-cn
not-installed"texlive-impatient-fr
not-installed"texlive-impnattypo
not-installed"texlive-impnattypo-doc
not-installed"texlive-import
not-installed"texlive-import-doc
not-installed"texlive-imsproc
not-installed"texlive-imsproc-doc
not-installed"texlive-imtekda
not-installed"texlive-imtekda-doc
not-installed"texlive-incgraph
not-installed"texlive-incgraph-doc
not-installed"texlive-inconsolata
not-installed"texlive-inconsolata-doc
not-installed"texlive-inconsolata-fonts
not-installed"texlive-index
not-installed"texlive-index-doc
not-installed"texlive-indextools
not-installed"texlive-indextools-doc
not-installed"texlive-initials
not-installed"texlive-initials-doc
not-installed"texlive-initials-fonts
not-installed"texlive-inlinebib
not-installed"texlive-inlinebib-doc
not-installed"texlive-inlinedef
not-installed"texlive-inlinedef-doc
not-installed"texlive-inputtrc
not-installed"texlive-inputtrc-doc
not-installed"texlive-insbox
not-installed"texlive-insbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-interactiveworkbook
not-installed"texlive-interactiveworkbook-doc
not-installed"texlive-interchar
not-installed"texlive-interchar-doc
not-installed"texlive-interfaces
not-installed"texlive-interfaces-doc
not-installed"texlive-interpreter
not-installed"texlive-interpreter-doc
not-installed"texlive-interval
not-installed"texlive-interval-doc
not-installed"texlive-intro-scientific
not-installed"texlive-inversepath
not-installed"texlive-inversepath-doc
not-installed"texlive-invoice
not-installed"texlive-invoice-doc
not-installed"texlive-ionumbers
not-installed"texlive-ionumbers-doc
not-installed"texlive-iopart-num
not-installed"texlive-iopart-num-doc
not-installed"texlive-ipaex
not-installed"texlive-ipaex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ipaex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ipaex-type1
not-installed"texlive-ipaex-type1-doc
not-installed"texlive-ipaex-type1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-iso
not-installed"texlive-iso-doc
not-installed"texlive-iso10303
not-installed"texlive-iso10303-doc
not-installed"texlive-isodate
not-installed"texlive-isodate-doc
not-installed"texlive-isodoc
not-installed"texlive-isodoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-isomath
not-installed"texlive-isomath-doc
not-installed"texlive-isonums
not-installed"texlive-isonums-doc
not-installed"texlive-isorot
not-installed"texlive-isorot-doc
not-installed"texlive-isotope
not-installed"texlive-isotope-doc
not-installed"texlive-issuulinks
not-installed"texlive-issuulinks-doc
not-installed"texlive-itnumpar
not-installed"texlive-itnumpar-doc
not-installed"texlive-iwhdp
not-installed"texlive-iwhdp-doc
not-installed"texlive-iwona
not-installed"texlive-iwona-doc
not-installed"texlive-iwona-fonts
not-installed"texlive-jablantile
not-installed"texlive-jablantile-doc
not-installed"texlive-jacow
not-installed"texlive-jacow-doc
not-installed"texlive-jadetex
not-installed"texlive-jadetex-bin
not-installed"texlive-jadetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-jamtimes
not-installed"texlive-jamtimes-doc
not-installed"texlive-japanese
not-installed"texlive-japanese-doc
not-installed"texlive-japanese-otf
not-installed"texlive-japanese-otf-doc
not-installed"texlive-japanese-otf-uptex
not-installed"texlive-japanese-otf-uptex-doc
not-installed"texlive-jfontmaps
not-installed"texlive-jfontmaps-bin
not-installed"texlive-jfontmaps-doc
not-installed"texlive-jknapltx
not-installed"texlive-jknapltx-doc
not-installed"texlive-jlabels
not-installed"texlive-jlabels-doc
not-installed"texlive-jmlr
not-installed"texlive-jmlr-doc
not-installed"texlive-jmn
not-installed"texlive-jmn-fonts
not-installed"texlive-jneurosci
not-installed"texlive-jneurosci-doc
not-installed"texlive-jpsj
not-installed"texlive-jpsj-doc
not-installed"texlive-js-misc
not-installed"texlive-js-misc-doc
not-installed"texlive-jsclasses
not-installed"texlive-jsclasses-doc
not-installed"texlive-jslectureplanner
not-installed"texlive-jslectureplanner-doc
not-installed"texlive-jumplines
not-installed"texlive-jumplines-doc
not-installed"texlive-junicode
not-installed"texlive-junicode-doc
not-installed"texlive-junicode-fonts
not-installed"texlive-jura
not-installed"texlive-jura-doc
not-installed"texlive-juraabbrev
not-installed"texlive-juraabbrev-doc
not-installed"texlive-jurabib
not-installed"texlive-jurabib-doc
not-installed"texlive-juramisc
not-installed"texlive-juramisc-doc
not-installed"texlive-jurarsp
not-installed"texlive-jurarsp-doc
not-installed"texlive-jvlisting
not-installed"texlive-jvlisting-doc
not-installed"texlive-kantlipsum
not-installed"texlive-kantlipsum-doc
not-installed"texlive-karnaugh
not-installed"texlive-karnaugh-doc
not-installed"texlive-karnaughmap
not-installed"texlive-karnaughmap-doc
not-installed"texlive-kastrup
not-installed"texlive-kastrup-doc
not-installed"texlive-kdgdocs
not-installed"texlive-kdgdocs-doc
not-installed"texlive-kerkis
not-installed"texlive-kerkis-doc
not-installed"texlive-kerkis-fonts
not-installed"texlive-kerntest
not-installed"texlive-kerntest-doc
not-installed"texlive-keycommand
not-installed"texlive-keycommand-doc
not-installed"texlive-keyreader
not-installed"texlive-keyreader-doc
not-installed"texlive-keystroke
not-installed"texlive-keystroke-doc
not-installed"texlive-keyval2e
not-installed"texlive-keyval2e-doc
not-installed"texlive-keyvaltable
not-installed"texlive-keyvaltable-doc
not-installed"texlive-kix
not-installed"texlive-kix-doc
not-installed"texlive-kixfont
not-installed"texlive-kixfont-doc
not-installed"texlive-kluwer
not-installed"texlive-kluwer-doc
not-installed"texlive-knitting
not-installed"texlive-knitting-doc
not-installed"texlive-knitting-fonts
not-installed"texlive-knittingpattern
not-installed"texlive-knittingpattern-doc
not-installed"texlive-knuth
not-installed"texlive-knuth-doc
not-installed"texlive-knuth-lib
not-installed"texlive-knuth-local
not-installed"texlive-knuthotherfonts
not-installed"texlive-koma-moderncvclassic
not-installed"texlive-koma-moderncvclassic-doc
not-installed"texlive-koma-script
not-installed"texlive-koma-script-doc
not-installed"texlive-koma-script-examples
not-installed"texlive-koma-script-sfs
not-installed"texlive-koma-script-sfs-doc
not-installed"texlive-komacv
not-installed"texlive-komacv-doc
not-installed"texlive-kotex-oblivoir
not-installed"texlive-kotex-oblivoir-doc
not-installed"texlive-kotex-plain
not-installed"texlive-kotex-plain-doc
not-installed"texlive-kotex-utf
not-installed"texlive-kotex-utf-doc
not-installed"texlive-kotex-utils
not-installed"texlive-kotex-utils-bin
not-installed"texlive-kotex-utils-doc
not-installed"texlive-kpathsea
not-installed"texlive-kpathsea-bin
not-installed"texlive-kpathsea-devel
not-installed"texlive-kpathsea-doc
not-installed"texlive-kpfonts
not-installed"texlive-kpfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-kpfonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ksfh_nat
not-installed"texlive-ksp-thesis
not-installed"texlive-ksp-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-ktv-texdata
not-installed"texlive-ktv-texdata-doc
not-installed"texlive-kurier
not-installed"texlive-kurier-doc
not-installed"texlive-kurier-fonts
not-installed"texlive-l2picfaq
not-installed"texlive-l2tabu
not-installed"texlive-l2tabu-english
not-installed"texlive-l2tabu-french
not-installed"texlive-l2tabu-italian
not-installed"texlive-l2tabu-spanish
not-installed"texlive-l3build
not-installed"texlive-l3build-doc
not-installed"texlive-l3experimental
not-installed"texlive-l3experimental-doc
not-installed"texlive-l3kernel
not-installed"texlive-l3kernel-doc
not-installed"texlive-l3packages
not-installed"texlive-l3packages-doc
not-installed"texlive-labbook
not-installed"texlive-labbook-doc
not-installed"texlive-labels
not-installed"texlive-labels-doc
not-installed"texlive-labyrinth
not-installed"texlive-labyrinth-doc
not-installed"texlive-lacheck
not-installed"texlive-lacheck-bin
not-installed"texlive-lambda
not-installed"texlive-lambda-lists
not-installed"texlive-lambda-lists-doc
not-installed"texlive-langcode
not-installed"texlive-langcode-doc
not-installed"texlive-langsci
not-installed"texlive-langsci-doc
not-installed"texlive-lapdf
not-installed"texlive-lapdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-lastpackage
not-installed"texlive-lastpackage-doc
not-installed"texlive-lastpage
not-installed"texlive-lastpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-latex
not-installed"texlive-latex-bib-ex
not-installed"texlive-latex-bib2-ex
not-installed"texlive-latex-bin
not-installed"texlive-latex-bin-bin
not-installed"texlive-latex-brochure
not-installed"texlive-latex-course
not-installed"texlive-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-latex-doc-ptr
not-installed"texlive-latex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-latex-fonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-latex-git-log
not-installed"texlive-latex-git-log-bin
not-installed"texlive-latex-git-log-doc
not-installed"texlive-latex-graphics-companion
not-installed"texlive-latex-make
not-installed"texlive-latex-make-doc
not-installed"texlive-latex-notes-zh-cn
not-installed"texlive-latex-referenz
not-installed"texlive-latex-tabellen
not-installed"texlive-latex-tds
not-installed"texlive-latex-tds-doc
not-installed"texlive-latex-veryshortguide
not-installed"texlive-latex-web-companion
not-installed"texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo
not-installed"texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-fr
not-installed"texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish
not-installed"texlive-latex2man
not-installed"texlive-latex2man-bin
not-installed"texlive-latex2man-doc
not-installed"texlive-latex4wp
not-installed"texlive-latex4wp-it
not-installed"texlive-latexcheat
not-installed"texlive-latexcheat-de
not-installed"texlive-latexcheat-esmx
not-installed"texlive-latexcheat-ptbr
not-installed"texlive-latexconfig
not-installed"texlive-latexcourse-rug
not-installed"texlive-latexdemo
not-installed"texlive-latexdemo-doc
not-installed"texlive-latexdiff
not-installed"texlive-latexdiff-bin
not-installed"texlive-latexdiff-doc
not-installed"texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs
not-installed"texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs-doc
not-installed"texlive-latexfileversion
not-installed"texlive-latexfileversion-bin
not-installed"texlive-latexfileversion-doc
not-installed"texlive-latexindent
not-installed"texlive-latexindent-bin
not-installed"texlive-latexindent-doc
not-installed"texlive-latexmk
not-installed"texlive-latexmk-bin
not-installed"texlive-latexmk-doc
not-installed"texlive-latexmp
not-installed"texlive-latexmp-doc
not-installed"texlive-latexpand
not-installed"texlive-latexpand-bin
not-installed"texlive-latexpand-doc
not-installed"texlive-lato
not-installed"texlive-lato-doc
not-installed"texlive-lato-fonts
not-installed"texlive-layaureo
not-installed"texlive-layaureo-doc
not-installed"texlive-layouts
not-installed"texlive-layouts-doc
not-installed"texlive-lazylist
not-installed"texlive-lazylist-doc
not-installed"texlive-lcd
not-installed"texlive-lcd-doc
not-installed"texlive-lcdftypetools
not-installed"texlive-lcdftypetools-bin
not-installed"texlive-lcg
not-installed"texlive-lcg-doc
not-installed"texlive-lcyw
not-installed"texlive-lcyw-doc
not-installed"texlive-leading
not-installed"texlive-leading-doc
not-installed"texlive-leadsheets
not-installed"texlive-leadsheets-doc
not-installed"texlive-leaflet
not-installed"texlive-leaflet-doc
not-installed"texlive-lecturer
not-installed"texlive-lecturer-doc
not-installed"texlive-ledmac
not-installed"texlive-ledmac-doc
not-installed"texlive-leftidx
not-installed"texlive-leftidx-doc
not-installed"texlive-leipzig
not-installed"texlive-leipzig-doc
not-installed"texlive-lengthconvert
not-installed"texlive-lengthconvert-doc
not-installed"texlive-lettre
not-installed"texlive-lettre-doc
not-installed"texlive-lettrine
not-installed"texlive-lettrine-doc
not-installed"texlive-levy
not-installed"texlive-levy-doc
not-installed"texlive-lewis
not-installed"texlive-lewis-doc
not-installed"texlive-lexikon
not-installed"texlive-lexikon-doc
not-installed"texlive-lexref
not-installed"texlive-lexref-doc
not-installed"texlive-lfb
not-installed"texlive-lfb-doc
not-installed"texlive-lgreek
not-installed"texlive-lgreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-lh
not-installed"texlive-lh-doc
not-installed"texlive-lhcyr
not-installed"texlive-lhelp
not-installed"texlive-lhelp-doc
not-installed"texlive-libertine
not-installed"texlive-libertine-doc
not-installed"texlive-libertine-fonts
not-installed"texlive-libertinegc
not-installed"texlive-libertinegc-doc
not-installed"texlive-libertinus
not-installed"texlive-libertinus-doc
not-installed"texlive-libertinus-fonts
not-installed"texlive-libertinust1math
not-installed"texlive-libertinust1math-doc
not-installed"texlive-libertinust1math-fonts
not-installed"texlive-libgreek
not-installed"texlive-libgreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-librarian
not-installed"texlive-librarian-doc
not-installed"texlive-librebaskerville
not-installed"texlive-librebaskerville-doc
not-installed"texlive-librebaskerville-fonts
not-installed"texlive-librebodoni
not-installed"texlive-librebodoni-doc
not-installed"texlive-librebodoni-fonts
not-installed"texlive-librecaslon
not-installed"texlive-librecaslon-doc
not-installed"texlive-librecaslon-fonts
not-installed"texlive-libris
not-installed"texlive-libris-doc
not-installed"texlive-libris-fonts
not-installed"texlive-lilyglyphs
not-installed"texlive-lilyglyphs-bin
not-installed"texlive-lilyglyphs-doc
not-installed"texlive-lilyglyphs-fonts
not-installed"texlive-limap
not-installed"texlive-linearA
not-installed"texlive-linearA-doc
not-installed"texlive-linearA-fonts
not-installed"texlive-linegoal
not-installed"texlive-linegoal-doc
not-installed"texlive-lineno
not-installed"texlive-lineno-doc
not-installed"texlive-linguex
not-installed"texlive-linguex-doc
not-installed"texlive-linop
not-installed"texlive-linop-doc
not-installed"texlive-lipsum
not-installed"texlive-lipsum-doc
not-installed"texlive-lisp-on-tex
not-installed"texlive-lisp-on-tex-doc
not-installed"texlive-listbib
not-installed"texlive-listbib-bin
not-installed"texlive-listbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-listing
not-installed"texlive-listing-doc
not-installed"texlive-listings
not-installed"texlive-listings-doc
not-installed"texlive-listings-ext
not-installed"texlive-listings-ext-bin
not-installed"texlive-listings-ext-doc
not-installed"texlive-listlbls
not-installed"texlive-listlbls-doc
not-installed"texlive-listliketab
not-installed"texlive-listliketab-doc
not-installed"texlive-listofsymbols
not-installed"texlive-listofsymbols-doc
not-installed"texlive-lithuanian
not-installed"texlive-lithuanian-doc
not-installed"texlive-liturg
not-installed"texlive-liturg-doc
not-installed"texlive-lkproof
not-installed"texlive-lkproof-doc
not-installed"texlive-lm
not-installed"texlive-lm-doc
installed"texlive-lm-fonts
not-installed"texlive-lm-math
not-installed"texlive-lm-math-doc
not-installed"texlive-lm-math-fonts
not-installed"texlive-lmake
not-installed"texlive-lmake-doc
not-installed"texlive-lobster2
not-installed"texlive-lobster2-doc
not-installed"texlive-lobster2-fonts
not-installed"texlive-locality
not-installed"texlive-locality-doc
not-installed"texlive-localloc
not-installed"texlive-localloc-doc
not-installed"texlive-logbox
not-installed"texlive-logbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-logical-markup-utils
not-installed"texlive-logical-markup-utils-doc
not-installed"texlive-logicproof
not-installed"texlive-logicproof-doc
not-installed"texlive-logicpuzzle
not-installed"texlive-logicpuzzle-doc
not-installed"texlive-logpap
not-installed"texlive-logpap-doc
not-installed"texlive-logreq
not-installed"texlive-logreq-doc
not-installed"texlive-lollipop
not-installed"texlive-lollipop-bin
not-installed"texlive-lollipop-doc
not-installed"texlive-longfbox
not-installed"texlive-longfbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-longfigure
not-installed"texlive-longfigure-doc
not-installed"texlive-longnamefilelist
not-installed"texlive-longnamefilelist-doc
not-installed"texlive-loops
not-installed"texlive-loops-doc
not-installed"texlive-lpform
not-installed"texlive-lpform-doc
not-installed"texlive-lpic
not-installed"texlive-lpic-doc
not-installed"texlive-lplfitch
not-installed"texlive-lplfitch-doc
not-installed"texlive-lps
not-installed"texlive-lps-doc
not-installed"texlive-lroundrect
not-installed"texlive-lroundrect-doc
not-installed"texlive-lsc
not-installed"texlive-lsc-doc
not-installed"texlive-lshort-bulgarian
not-installed"texlive-lshort-chinese
not-installed"texlive-lshort-czech
not-installed"texlive-lshort-dutch
not-installed"texlive-lshort-english
not-installed"texlive-lshort-estonian
not-installed"texlive-lshort-finnish
not-installed"texlive-lshort-french
not-installed"texlive-lshort-german
not-installed"texlive-lshort-italian
not-installed"texlive-lshort-japanese
not-installed"texlive-lshort-korean
not-installed"texlive-lshort-mongol
not-installed"texlive-lshort-persian
not-installed"texlive-lshort-polish
not-installed"texlive-lshort-portuguese
not-installed"texlive-lshort-russian
not-installed"texlive-lshort-slovak
not-installed"texlive-lshort-slovenian
not-installed"texlive-lshort-spanish
not-installed"texlive-lshort-thai
not-installed"texlive-lshort-turkish
not-installed"texlive-lshort-ukr
not-installed"texlive-lshort-vietnamese
not-installed"texlive-lstaddons
not-installed"texlive-lstaddons-doc
not-installed"texlive-lstbayes
not-installed"texlive-lstbayes-doc
not-installed"texlive-lt3graph
not-installed"texlive-lt3graph-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltablex
not-installed"texlive-ltablex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltabptch
not-installed"texlive-ltabptch-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltxdockit
not-installed"texlive-ltxdockit-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltxfileinfo
not-installed"texlive-ltxfileinfo-bin
not-installed"texlive-ltxfileinfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltximg
not-installed"texlive-ltximg-bin
not-installed"texlive-ltximg-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltxindex
not-installed"texlive-ltxindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltxkeys
not-installed"texlive-ltxkeys-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltxmisc
not-installed"texlive-ltxnew
not-installed"texlive-ltxnew-doc
not-installed"texlive-ltxtools
not-installed"texlive-ltxtools-doc
not-installed"texlive-lua-alt-getopt
not-installed"texlive-lua-alt-getopt-doc
not-installed"texlive-lua-check-hyphen
not-installed"texlive-lua-check-hyphen-doc
not-installed"texlive-lua-visual-debug
not-installed"texlive-lua-visual-debug-doc
not-installed"texlive-lua2dox
not-installed"texlive-lua2dox-bin
not-installed"texlive-lua2dox-doc
not-installed"texlive-luabibentry
not-installed"texlive-luabibentry-doc
not-installed"texlive-luabidi
not-installed"texlive-luabidi-doc
not-installed"texlive-luacode
not-installed"texlive-luacode-doc
not-installed"texlive-luaindex
not-installed"texlive-luaindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-luainputenc
not-installed"texlive-luainputenc-doc
not-installed"texlive-luaintro
not-installed"texlive-lualatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-lualatex-doc-de
not-installed"texlive-lualatex-math
not-installed"texlive-lualatex-math-doc
not-installed"texlive-lualibs
not-installed"texlive-lualibs-doc
not-installed"texlive-luamplib
not-installed"texlive-luamplib-doc
not-installed"texlive-luaotfload
not-installed"texlive-luaotfload-bin
not-installed"texlive-luaotfload-doc
not-installed"texlive-luasseq
not-installed"texlive-luasseq-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatex
not-installed"texlive-luatex-bin
not-installed"texlive-luatex-def
not-installed"texlive-luatex-def-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatex85
not-installed"texlive-luatex85-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatexbase
not-installed"texlive-luatexbase-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatexja
not-installed"texlive-luatexja-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatexko
not-installed"texlive-luatexko-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatextra
not-installed"texlive-luatextra-doc
not-installed"texlive-luatodonotes
not-installed"texlive-luatodonotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-luaxml
not-installed"texlive-luaxml-doc
not-installed"texlive-lxfonts
not-installed"texlive-lxfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-lxfonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ly1
not-installed"texlive-ly1-doc
not-installed"texlive-m-tx
not-installed"texlive-m-tx-bin
not-installed"texlive-m-tx-doc
not-installed"texlive-macros2e
not-installed"texlive-macroswap
not-installed"texlive-macroswap-doc
not-installed"texlive-mafr
not-installed"texlive-mafr-doc
not-installed"texlive-magaz
not-installed"texlive-magaz-doc
not-installed"texlive-mailing
not-installed"texlive-mailing-doc
not-installed"texlive-mailmerge
not-installed"texlive-mailmerge-doc
not-installed"texlive-make4ht
not-installed"texlive-make4ht-bin
not-installed"texlive-make4ht-doc
not-installed"texlive-makebarcode
not-installed"texlive-makebarcode-doc
not-installed"texlive-makebase
not-installed"texlive-makebase-doc
not-installed"texlive-makebox
not-installed"texlive-makebox-doc
not-installed"texlive-makecell
not-installed"texlive-makecell-doc
not-installed"texlive-makecirc
not-installed"texlive-makecirc-doc
not-installed"texlive-makecmds
not-installed"texlive-makecmds-doc
not-installed"texlive-makedtx
not-installed"texlive-makedtx-bin
not-installed"texlive-makedtx-doc
not-installed"texlive-makeglos
not-installed"texlive-makeglos-doc
not-installed"texlive-makeindex
not-installed"texlive-makeindex-bin
not-installed"texlive-makeindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-makeplot
not-installed"texlive-makeplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-makeshape
not-installed"texlive-makeshape-doc
not-installed"texlive-mandi
not-installed"texlive-mandi-doc
not-installed"texlive-manfnt
not-installed"texlive-manfnt-font
not-installed"texlive-manfnt-font-fonts
not-installed"texlive-manuscript
not-installed"texlive-manuscript-doc
not-installed"texlive-margbib
not-installed"texlive-margbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-marginfix
not-installed"texlive-marginfix-doc
not-installed"texlive-marginnote
not-installed"texlive-marginnote-doc
not-installed"texlive-marvosym
not-installed"texlive-marvosym-doc
not-installed"texlive-marvosym-fonts
not-installed"texlive-matc3
not-installed"texlive-matc3-doc
not-installed"texlive-matc3mem
not-installed"texlive-matc3mem-doc
not-installed"texlive-match_parens
not-installed"texlive-match_parens-bin
not-installed"texlive-match_parens-doc
not-installed"texlive-math-e
not-installed"texlive-mathabx
not-installed"texlive-mathabx-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathabx-type1
not-installed"texlive-mathabx-type1-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathabx-type1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-mathalfa
not-installed"texlive-mathalfa-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathastext
not-installed"texlive-mathastext-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathcomp
not-installed"texlive-mathcomp-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathdesign
not-installed"texlive-mathdesign-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathdesign-fonts
not-installed"texlive-mathdots
not-installed"texlive-mathdots-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathexam
not-installed"texlive-mathexam-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathpartir
not-installed"texlive-mathpartir-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathpazo
not-installed"texlive-mathpazo-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathpazo-fonts
not-installed"texlive-maths-symbols
not-installed"texlive-mathspec
not-installed"texlive-mathspec-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathspic
not-installed"texlive-mathspic-bin
not-installed"texlive-mathspic-doc
not-installed"texlive-mathtools
not-installed"texlive-mathtools-doc
not-installed"texlive-matlab-prettifier
not-installed"texlive-matlab-prettifier-doc
not-installed"texlive-mattens
not-installed"texlive-mattens-doc
not-installed"texlive-maybemath
not-installed"texlive-maybemath-doc
not-installed"texlive-mbenotes
not-installed"texlive-mbenotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-mcaption
not-installed"texlive-mcaption-doc
not-installed"texlive-mceinleger
not-installed"texlive-mceinleger-doc
not-installed"texlive-mcf2graph
not-installed"texlive-mcf2graph-doc
not-installed"texlive-mcite
not-installed"texlive-mcite-doc
not-installed"texlive-mciteplus
not-installed"texlive-mciteplus-doc
not-installed"texlive-mcmthesis
not-installed"texlive-mcmthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-mdframed
not-installed"texlive-mdframed-doc
not-installed"texlive-mdputu
not-installed"texlive-mdputu-doc
not-installed"texlive-mdsymbol
not-installed"texlive-mdsymbol-doc
not-installed"texlive-mdsymbol-fonts
not-installed"texlive-mdwtools
not-installed"texlive-mdwtools-doc
not-installed"texlive-media9
not-installed"texlive-media9-doc
not-installed"texlive-medstarbeamer
not-installed"texlive-medstarbeamer-doc
not-installed"texlive-meetingmins
not-installed"texlive-meetingmins-doc
not-installed"texlive-memdesign
not-installed"texlive-memexsupp
not-installed"texlive-memexsupp-doc
not-installed"texlive-memoir
not-installed"texlive-memoir-doc
not-installed"texlive-memory
not-installed"texlive-memory-doc
not-installed"texlive-mentis
not-installed"texlive-mentis-doc
not-installed"texlive-menu
not-installed"texlive-menu-doc
not-installed"texlive-menukeys
not-installed"texlive-menukeys-doc
not-installed"texlive-merriweather
not-installed"texlive-merriweather-doc
not-installed"texlive-merriweather-fonts
not-installed"texlive-metafont
not-installed"texlive-metafont-beginners
not-installed"texlive-metafont-bin
not-installed"texlive-metafont-doc
not-installed"texlive-metago
not-installed"texlive-metago-doc
not-installed"texlive-metalogo
not-installed"texlive-metalogo-doc
not-installed"texlive-metaobj
not-installed"texlive-metaobj-doc
not-installed"texlive-metaplot
not-installed"texlive-metaplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-metapost
not-installed"texlive-metapost-bin
not-installed"texlive-metapost-doc
not-installed"texlive-metapost-examples
not-installed"texlive-metapost-fonts
not-installed"texlive-metatex
not-installed"texlive-metatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-metatype1
not-installed"texlive-metauml
not-installed"texlive-metauml-doc
not-installed"texlive-method
not-installed"texlive-method-doc
not-installed"texlive-metre
not-installed"texlive-metre-doc
not-installed"texlive-metrix
not-installed"texlive-metrix-doc
not-installed"texlive-mex
not-installed"texlive-mex-bin
not-installed"texlive-mex-doc
not-installed"texlive-mf2pt1
not-installed"texlive-mf2pt1-bin
not-installed"texlive-mf2pt1-doc
not-installed"texlive-mfirstuc
not-installed"texlive-mfirstuc-doc
not-installed"texlive-mflogo
not-installed"texlive-mflogo-doc
not-installed"texlive-mflogo-font
not-installed"texlive-mflogo-font-doc
not-installed"texlive-mflogo-font-fonts
not-installed"texlive-mflua
not-installed"texlive-mflua-bin
not-installed"texlive-mfnfss
not-installed"texlive-mfnfss-doc
not-installed"texlive-mfpic
not-installed"texlive-mfpic-doc
not-installed"texlive-mfpic4ode
not-installed"texlive-mfpic4ode-doc
not-installed"texlive-mftinc
not-installed"texlive-mftinc-doc
not-installed"texlive-mfware
not-installed"texlive-mfware-bin
not-installed"texlive-mfware-doc
not-installed"texlive-mhchem
not-installed"texlive-mhchem-doc
not-installed"texlive-mhequ
not-installed"texlive-mhequ-doc
not-installed"texlive-miama
not-installed"texlive-miama-doc
not-installed"texlive-miama-fonts
not-installed"texlive-microtype
not-installed"texlive-microtype-de
not-installed"texlive-microtype-doc
not-installed"texlive-midnight
not-installed"texlive-midnight-doc
not-installed"texlive-midpage
not-installed"texlive-midpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-mil3
not-installed"texlive-miller
not-installed"texlive-miller-doc
not-installed"texlive-minibox
not-installed"texlive-minibox-doc
not-installed"texlive-minifp
not-installed"texlive-minifp-doc
not-installed"texlive-minipage-marginpar
not-installed"texlive-minipage-marginpar-doc
not-installed"texlive-miniplot
not-installed"texlive-miniplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-minitoc
not-installed"texlive-minitoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-minorrevision
not-installed"texlive-minorrevision-doc
not-installed"texlive-minted
not-installed"texlive-minted-doc
not-installed"texlive-mintspirit
not-installed"texlive-mintspirit-doc
not-installed"texlive-mintspirit-fonts
not-installed"texlive-minutes
not-installed"texlive-minutes-doc
not-installed"texlive-mkgrkindex
not-installed"texlive-mkgrkindex-bin
not-installed"texlive-mkgrkindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-mkjobtexmf
not-installed"texlive-mkjobtexmf-bin
not-installed"texlive-mkjobtexmf-doc
not-installed"texlive-mkpattern
not-installed"texlive-mkpattern-doc
not-installed"texlive-mkpic
not-installed"texlive-mkpic-bin
not-installed"texlive-mkpic-doc
not-installed"texlive-mla-paper
not-installed"texlive-mla-paper-doc
not-installed"texlive-mlist
not-installed"texlive-mlist-doc
not-installed"texlive-mltex
not-installed"texlive-mltex-bin
not-installed"texlive-mltex-doc
not-installed"texlive-mmap
not-installed"texlive-mmap-doc
not-installed"texlive-mnotes
not-installed"texlive-mnotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-mnras
not-installed"texlive-mnras-doc
not-installed"texlive-mnsymbol
not-installed"texlive-mnsymbol-doc
not-installed"texlive-mnsymbol-fonts
not-installed"texlive-moderncv
not-installed"texlive-moderncv-doc
not-installed"texlive-moderntimeline
not-installed"texlive-moderntimeline-doc
not-installed"texlive-modiagram
not-installed"texlive-modiagram-doc
not-installed"texlive-modref
not-installed"texlive-modref-doc
not-installed"texlive-modroman
not-installed"texlive-modroman-doc
not-installed"texlive-mongolian-babel
not-installed"texlive-mongolian-babel-doc
not-installed"texlive-monofill
not-installed"texlive-monofill-doc
not-installed"texlive-montex
not-installed"texlive-montex-doc
not-installed"texlive-montex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-moodle
not-installed"texlive-moodle-doc
not-installed"texlive-moreenum
not-installed"texlive-moreenum-doc
not-installed"texlive-morefloats
not-installed"texlive-morefloats-doc
not-installed"texlive-morehype
not-installed"texlive-morehype-doc
not-installed"texlive-moresize
not-installed"texlive-moresize-doc
not-installed"texlive-moreverb
not-installed"texlive-moreverb-doc
not-installed"texlive-morewrites
not-installed"texlive-morewrites-doc
not-installed"texlive-movie15
not-installed"texlive-movie15-doc
not-installed"texlive-mp3d
not-installed"texlive-mp3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-mparhack
not-installed"texlive-mparhack-doc
not-installed"texlive-mparrows
not-installed"texlive-mparrows-doc
not-installed"texlive-mpattern
not-installed"texlive-mpattern-doc
not-installed"texlive-mpcolornames
not-installed"texlive-mpcolornames-doc
not-installed"texlive-mpgraphics
not-installed"texlive-mpgraphics-doc
not-installed"texlive-mpman-ru
not-installed"texlive-mptopdf
not-installed"texlive-mptopdf-bin
not-installed"texlive-mptopdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-ms
not-installed"texlive-ms-doc
not-installed"texlive-msc
not-installed"texlive-msc-doc
not-installed"texlive-msg
not-installed"texlive-msg-doc
not-installed"texlive-mslapa
not-installed"texlive-mslapa-doc
not-installed"texlive-msu-thesis
not-installed"texlive-msu-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-mtgreek
not-installed"texlive-mtgreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-mugsthesis
not-installed"texlive-mugsthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-multenum
not-installed"texlive-multenum-doc
not-installed"texlive-multiaudience
not-installed"texlive-multiaudience-doc
not-installed"texlive-multibbl
not-installed"texlive-multibbl-doc
not-installed"texlive-multibib
not-installed"texlive-multibib-doc
not-installed"texlive-multibibliography
not-installed"texlive-multibibliography-bin
not-installed"texlive-multibibliography-doc
not-installed"texlive-multicap
not-installed"texlive-multicap-doc
not-installed"texlive-multidef
not-installed"texlive-multidef-doc
not-installed"texlive-multido
not-installed"texlive-multido-doc
not-installed"texlive-multienv
not-installed"texlive-multienv-doc
not-installed"texlive-multiexpand
not-installed"texlive-multiexpand-doc
not-installed"texlive-multiobjective
not-installed"texlive-multiobjective-doc
not-installed"texlive-multirow
not-installed"texlive-multirow-doc
not-installed"texlive-munich
not-installed"texlive-munich-doc
not-installed"texlive-musixguit
not-installed"texlive-musixguit-doc
not-installed"texlive-musixtex
not-installed"texlive-musixtex-bin
not-installed"texlive-musixtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-musixtex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-musixtex-fonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-musixtex-fonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-musixtnt
not-installed"texlive-musixtnt-bin
not-installed"texlive-musixtnt-doc
not-installed"texlive-musuos
not-installed"texlive-musuos-doc
not-installed"texlive-muthesis
not-installed"texlive-muthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-mversion
not-installed"texlive-mversion-doc
not-installed"texlive-mwcls
not-installed"texlive-mwcls-doc
not-installed"texlive-mwe
not-installed"texlive-mwe-doc
not-installed"texlive-mweights
not-installed"texlive-mweights-doc
not-installed"texlive-mxedruli
not-installed"texlive-mxedruli-doc
not-installed"texlive-mxedruli-fonts
not-installed"texlive-mychemistry
not-installed"texlive-mychemistry-doc
not-installed"texlive-mycv
not-installed"texlive-mycv-doc
not-installed"texlive-mylatexformat
not-installed"texlive-mylatexformat-doc
not-installed"texlive-mynsfc
not-installed"texlive-mynsfc-doc
not-installed"texlive-nag
not-installed"texlive-nag-doc
not-installed"texlive-nameauth
not-installed"texlive-nameauth-doc
not-installed"texlive-namespc
not-installed"texlive-namespc-doc
not-installed"texlive-nanumtype1
not-installed"texlive-nanumtype1-doc
not-installed"texlive-nanumtype1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-nar
not-installed"texlive-natbib
not-installed"texlive-natbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-natded
not-installed"texlive-natded-doc
not-installed"texlive-nath
not-installed"texlive-nath-doc
not-installed"texlive-nature
not-installed"texlive-nature-doc
not-installed"texlive-navigator
not-installed"texlive-navigator-doc
not-installed"texlive-ncclatex
not-installed"texlive-ncclatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ncctools
not-installed"texlive-ncctools-doc
not-installed"texlive-ncntrsbk
not-installed"texlive-ncntrsbk-fonts
not-installed"texlive-nddiss
not-installed"texlive-nddiss-doc
not-installed"texlive-ndsu-thesis
not-installed"texlive-ndsu-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-needspace
not-installed"texlive-needspace-doc
not-installed"texlive-nestquot
not-installed"texlive-neuralnetwork
not-installed"texlive-neuralnetwork-doc
not-installed"texlive-nevelok
not-installed"texlive-nevelok-doc
not-installed"texlive-newcommand
not-installed"texlive-newenviron
not-installed"texlive-newenviron-doc
not-installed"texlive-newfile
not-installed"texlive-newfile-doc
not-installed"texlive-newlfm
not-installed"texlive-newlfm-doc
not-installed"texlive-newpx
not-installed"texlive-newpx-doc
not-installed"texlive-newpx-fonts
not-installed"texlive-newsletr
not-installed"texlive-newsletr-doc
not-installed"texlive-newspaper
not-installed"texlive-newspaper-doc
not-installed"texlive-newtx
not-installed"texlive-newtx-doc
not-installed"texlive-newtx-fonts
not-installed"texlive-newtxsf
not-installed"texlive-newtxsf-doc
not-installed"texlive-newtxsf-fonts
not-installed"texlive-newtxtt
not-installed"texlive-newtxtt-doc
not-installed"texlive-newtxtt-fonts
not-installed"texlive-newunicodechar
not-installed"texlive-newunicodechar-doc
not-installed"texlive-newvbtm
not-installed"texlive-newvbtm-doc
not-installed"texlive-newverbs
not-installed"texlive-newverbs-doc
not-installed"texlive-nextpage
not-installed"texlive-nfssext-cfr
not-installed"texlive-nfssext-cfr-doc
not-installed"texlive-nicefilelist
not-installed"texlive-nicefilelist-doc
not-installed"texlive-niceframe
not-installed"texlive-niceframe-doc
not-installed"texlive-nicetext
not-installed"texlive-nicetext-doc
not-installed"texlive-nih
not-installed"texlive-nih-doc
not-installed"texlive-nihbiosketch
not-installed"texlive-nihbiosketch-doc
not-installed"texlive-nimbus15
not-installed"texlive-nimbus15-doc
not-installed"texlive-nimbus15-fonts
not-installed"texlive-nkarta
not-installed"texlive-nkarta-doc
not-installed"texlive-nlctdoc
not-installed"texlive-nlctdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-nmbib
not-installed"texlive-nmbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-noconflict
not-installed"texlive-noconflict-doc
not-installed"texlive-noindentafter
not-installed"texlive-noindentafter-doc
not-installed"texlive-noitcrul
not-installed"texlive-noitcrul-doc
not-installed"texlive-nolbreaks
not-installed"texlive-nolbreaks-doc
not-installed"texlive-nomencl
not-installed"texlive-nomencl-doc
not-installed"texlive-nomentbl
not-installed"texlive-nomentbl-doc
not-installed"texlive-nonfloat
not-installed"texlive-nonfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-nonumonpart
not-installed"texlive-nonumonpart-doc
not-installed"texlive-nopageno
not-installed"texlive-nopageno-doc
not-installed"texlive-norasi-c90
not-installed"texlive-normalcolor
not-installed"texlive-normalcolor-doc
not-installed"texlive-nostarch
not-installed"texlive-nostarch-doc
not-installed"texlive-notes
not-installed"texlive-notes-doc
not-installed"texlive-notes2bib
not-installed"texlive-notes2bib-doc
not-installed"texlive-noto
not-installed"texlive-noto-doc
not-installed"texlive-noto-fonts
not-installed"texlive-notoccite
not-installed"texlive-notoccite-doc
not-installed"texlive-nowidow
not-installed"texlive-nowidow-doc
not-installed"texlive-nox
not-installed"texlive-nox-doc
not-installed"texlive-nrc
not-installed"texlive-nrc-doc
not-installed"texlive-ntgclass
not-installed"texlive-ntgclass-doc
not-installed"texlive-ntheorem
not-installed"texlive-ntheorem-doc
not-installed"texlive-ntheorem-vn
not-installed"texlive-nuc
not-installed"texlive-nuc-doc
not-installed"texlive-nucleardata
not-installed"texlive-nucleardata-doc
not-installed"texlive-numberedblock
not-installed"texlive-numberedblock-doc
not-installed"texlive-numericplots
not-installed"texlive-numericplots-doc
not-installed"texlive-numname
not-installed"texlive-numname-doc
not-installed"texlive-numprint
not-installed"texlive-numprint-doc
not-installed"texlive-nwejm
not-installed"texlive-nwejm-doc
not-installed"texlive-oberdiek
not-installed"texlive-oberdiek-doc
not-installed"texlive-objectz
not-installed"texlive-objectz-doc
not-installed"texlive-obnov
not-installed"texlive-obnov-doc
not-installed"texlive-ocg-p
not-installed"texlive-ocg-p-doc
not-installed"texlive-ocgx
not-installed"texlive-ocgx-doc
not-installed"texlive-ocgx2
not-installed"texlive-ocgx2-doc
not-installed"texlive-ocherokee
not-installed"texlive-ocherokee-doc
not-installed"texlive-ocherokee-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ocr-b
not-installed"texlive-ocr-b-doc
not-installed"texlive-ocr-b-outline
not-installed"texlive-ocr-b-outline-doc
not-installed"texlive-ocr-b-outline-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ocr-latex
not-installed"texlive-ocr-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-octavo
not-installed"texlive-octavo-doc
not-installed"texlive-odsfile
not-installed"texlive-odsfile-doc
not-installed"texlive-ofs
not-installed"texlive-ofs-doc
not-installed"texlive-ogham
not-installed"texlive-ogham-doc
not-installed"texlive-oinuit
not-installed"texlive-oinuit-doc
not-installed"texlive-oinuit-fonts
not-installed"texlive-old-arrows
not-installed"texlive-old-arrows-doc
not-installed"texlive-old-arrows-fonts
not-installed"texlive-oldlatin
not-installed"texlive-oldlatin-doc
not-installed"texlive-oldstandard
not-installed"texlive-oldstandard-doc
not-installed"texlive-oldstandard-fonts
not-installed"texlive-oldstyle
not-installed"texlive-oldstyle-doc
not-installed"texlive-omega
not-installed"texlive-omega-doc
not-installed"texlive-omega-fonts
not-installed"texlive-omegaware
not-installed"texlive-omegaware-bin
not-installed"texlive-onlyamsmath
not-installed"texlive-onlyamsmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-onrannual
not-installed"texlive-onrannual-doc
not-installed"texlive-opcit
not-installed"texlive-opcit-doc
not-installed"texlive-opensans
not-installed"texlive-opensans-doc
not-installed"texlive-opensans-fonts
not-installed"texlive-opteng
not-installed"texlive-opteng-doc
not-installed"texlive-optional
not-installed"texlive-optional-doc
not-installed"texlive-options
not-installed"texlive-options-doc
not-installed"texlive-ordinalpt
not-installed"texlive-ordinalpt-doc
not-installed"texlive-orkhun
not-installed"texlive-orkhun-doc
not-installed"texlive-oscola
not-installed"texlive-oscola-doc
not-installed"texlive-ot-tableau
not-installed"texlive-ot-tableau-doc
not-installed"texlive-othello
not-installed"texlive-othello-doc
not-installed"texlive-othelloboard
not-installed"texlive-othelloboard-doc
not-installed"texlive-otibet
not-installed"texlive-otibet-doc
not-installed"texlive-oubraces
not-installed"texlive-oubraces-doc
not-installed"texlive-outline
not-installed"texlive-outline-doc
not-installed"texlive-outliner
not-installed"texlive-outliner-doc
not-installed"texlive-outlines
not-installed"texlive-outlines-doc
not-installed"texlive-overlock
not-installed"texlive-overlock-doc
not-installed"texlive-overlock-fonts
not-installed"texlive-overpic
not-installed"texlive-overpic-doc
not-installed"texlive-pacioli
not-installed"texlive-pacioli-doc
not-installed"texlive-pagecolor
not-installed"texlive-pagecolor-doc
not-installed"texlive-pagecont
not-installed"texlive-pagecont-doc
not-installed"texlive-pagenote
not-installed"texlive-pagenote-doc
not-installed"texlive-pagerange
not-installed"texlive-pagerange-doc
not-installed"texlive-pageslts
not-installed"texlive-pageslts-doc
not-installed"texlive-palatino
not-installed"texlive-palatino-fonts
not-installed"texlive-paper
not-installed"texlive-paper-doc
not-installed"texlive-papercdcase
not-installed"texlive-papercdcase-doc
not-installed"texlive-papermas
not-installed"texlive-papermas-doc
not-installed"texlive-papertex
not-installed"texlive-papertex-doc
not-installed"texlive-paracol
not-installed"texlive-paracol-doc
not-installed"texlive-parades
not-installed"texlive-parades-doc
not-installed"texlive-paralist
not-installed"texlive-paralist-doc
not-installed"texlive-parallel
not-installed"texlive-parallel-doc
not-installed"texlive-paratype
not-installed"texlive-paratype-doc
not-installed"texlive-paratype-fonts
not-installed"texlive-paresse
not-installed"texlive-paresse-doc
not-installed"texlive-parnotes
not-installed"texlive-parnotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-parrun
not-installed"texlive-parrun-doc
not-installed"texlive-parselines
not-installed"texlive-parselines-doc
not-installed"texlive-parskip
not-installed"texlive-parskip-doc
not-installed"texlive-pas-cours
not-installed"texlive-pas-cours-doc
not-installed"texlive-pas-crosswords
not-installed"texlive-pas-crosswords-doc
not-installed"texlive-pas-cv
not-installed"texlive-pas-cv-doc
not-installed"texlive-pas-tableur
not-installed"texlive-pas-tableur-doc
not-installed"texlive-passivetex
not-installed"texlive-patch
not-installed"texlive-patchcmd
not-installed"texlive-patchcmd-doc
not-installed"texlive-patgen
not-installed"texlive-patgen-bin
not-installed"texlive-patgen2-tutorial
not-installed"texlive-path
not-installed"texlive-path-doc
not-installed"texlive-pauldoc
not-installed"texlive-pauldoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-pawpict
not-installed"texlive-pawpict-doc
not-installed"texlive-pax
not-installed"texlive-pax-bin
not-installed"texlive-pax-doc
not-installed"texlive-pb-diagram
not-installed"texlive-pb-diagram-doc
not-installed"texlive-pbibtex-base
not-installed"texlive-pbibtex-base-doc
not-installed"texlive-pbox
not-installed"texlive-pbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-pbsheet
not-installed"texlive-pbsheet-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdf-trans
not-installed"texlive-pdf-trans-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdf14
not-installed"texlive-pdf14-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfbook2
not-installed"texlive-pdfbook2-bin
not-installed"texlive-pdfbook2-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfcomment
not-installed"texlive-pdfcomment-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfcprot
not-installed"texlive-pdfcprot-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfcrop
not-installed"texlive-pdfcrop-bin
not-installed"texlive-pdfcrop-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfjam
not-installed"texlive-pdfjam-bin
not-installed"texlive-pdfjam-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfmarginpar
not-installed"texlive-pdfmarginpar-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfpagediff
not-installed"texlive-pdfpagediff-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfpages
not-installed"texlive-pdfpages-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfscreen
not-installed"texlive-pdfscreen-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfslide
not-installed"texlive-pdfslide-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfsync
not-installed"texlive-pdfsync-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdftex
not-installed"texlive-pdftex-bin
not-installed"texlive-pdftex-def
not-installed"texlive-pdftex-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdftex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-pdftools
not-installed"texlive-pdftools-bin
not-installed"texlive-pdftools-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdftricks
not-installed"texlive-pdftricks-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdftricks2
not-installed"texlive-pdftricks2-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfwin
not-installed"texlive-pdfwin-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfx
not-installed"texlive-pdfx-doc
not-installed"texlive-pdfxup
not-installed"texlive-pdfxup-bin
not-installed"texlive-pdfxup-doc
not-installed"texlive-pecha
not-installed"texlive-pecha-doc
not-installed"texlive-pedigree-perl
not-installed"texlive-pedigree-perl-bin
not-installed"texlive-pedigree-perl-doc
not-installed"texlive-perception
not-installed"texlive-perception-doc
not-installed"texlive-perfectcut
not-installed"texlive-perfectcut-doc
not-installed"texlive-perltex
not-installed"texlive-perltex-bin
not-installed"texlive-perltex-doc
not-installed"texlive-permute
not-installed"texlive-permute-doc
not-installed"texlive-persian-bib
not-installed"texlive-persian-bib-doc
not-installed"texlive-petiteannonce
not-installed"texlive-petiteannonce-doc
not-installed"texlive-petri-nets
not-installed"texlive-petri-nets-bin
not-installed"texlive-petri-nets-doc
not-installed"texlive-pfarrei
not-installed"texlive-pfarrei-bin
not-installed"texlive-pfarrei-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgf
not-installed"texlive-pgf-blur
not-installed"texlive-pgf-blur-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgf-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgf-soroban
not-installed"texlive-pgf-soroban-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgf-spectra
not-installed"texlive-pgf-spectra-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgf-umlcd
not-installed"texlive-pgf-umlcd-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgf-umlsd
not-installed"texlive-pgf-umlsd-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgfgantt
not-installed"texlive-pgfgantt-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgfkeyx
not-installed"texlive-pgfkeyx-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgfmolbio
not-installed"texlive-pgfmolbio-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgfopts
not-installed"texlive-pgfopts-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgfornament
not-installed"texlive-pgfornament-doc
not-installed"texlive-pgfplots
not-installed"texlive-pgfplots-doc
not-installed"texlive-phaistos
not-installed"texlive-phaistos-doc
not-installed"texlive-phaistos-fonts
not-installed"texlive-philex
not-installed"texlive-philex-doc
not-installed"texlive-philokalia
not-installed"texlive-philokalia-doc
not-installed"texlive-philokalia-fonts
not-installed"texlive-philosophersimprint
not-installed"texlive-philosophersimprint-doc
not-installed"texlive-phonetic
not-installed"texlive-phonetic-doc
not-installed"texlive-phonrule
not-installed"texlive-phonrule-doc
not-installed"texlive-photo
not-installed"texlive-photo-doc
not-installed"texlive-physics
not-installed"texlive-physics-doc
not-installed"texlive-piano
not-installed"texlive-piano-doc
not-installed"texlive-picinpar
not-installed"texlive-picinpar-doc
not-installed"texlive-pict2e
not-installed"texlive-pict2e-doc
not-installed"texlive-pictex
not-installed"texlive-pictex-doc
not-installed"texlive-pictex2
not-installed"texlive-pictexsum
not-installed"texlive-piechartmp
not-installed"texlive-piechartmp-doc
not-installed"texlive-piff
not-installed"texlive-piff-doc
not-installed"texlive-pigpen
not-installed"texlive-pigpen-doc
not-installed"texlive-pigpen-fonts
not-installed"texlive-pinlabel
not-installed"texlive-pinlabel-doc
not-installed"texlive-pitex
not-installed"texlive-pitex-doc
not-installed"texlive-pittetd
not-installed"texlive-pittetd-doc
not-installed"texlive-pkfix
not-installed"texlive-pkfix-bin
not-installed"texlive-pkfix-doc
not-installed"texlive-pkfix-helper
not-installed"texlive-pkfix-helper-bin
not-installed"texlive-pkfix-helper-doc
not-installed"texlive-pkgloader
not-installed"texlive-pkgloader-doc
not-installed"texlive-pkuthss
not-installed"texlive-pkuthss-doc
not-installed"texlive-pl
not-installed"texlive-pl-doc
not-installed"texlive-pl-fonts
not-installed"texlive-placeat
not-installed"texlive-placeat-doc
not-installed"texlive-placeins
not-installed"texlive-placeins-doc
not-installed"texlive-placeins-plain
not-installed"texlive-plain
not-installed"texlive-plain-doc
not-installed"texlive-plainpkg
not-installed"texlive-plainpkg-doc
not-installed"texlive-plantslabels
not-installed"texlive-plantslabels-doc
not-installed"texlive-plari
not-installed"texlive-plari-doc
not-installed"texlive-plates
not-installed"texlive-plates-doc
not-installed"texlive-platex
not-installed"texlive-platex-bin
not-installed"texlive-platex-doc
not-installed"texlive-play
not-installed"texlive-play-doc
not-installed"texlive-playfair
not-installed"texlive-playfair-doc
not-installed"texlive-playfair-fonts
not-installed"texlive-plipsum
not-installed"texlive-plipsum-doc
not-installed"texlive-plnfss
not-installed"texlive-plnfss-doc
not-installed"texlive-plstmary
not-installed"texlive-plstmary-doc
not-installed"texlive-plweb
not-installed"texlive-plweb-doc
not-installed"texlive-pmgraph
not-installed"texlive-pmgraph-doc
not-installed"texlive-pmx
not-installed"texlive-pmx-bin
not-installed"texlive-pmx-doc
not-installed"texlive-pmxchords
not-installed"texlive-pmxchords-bin
not-installed"texlive-pmxchords-doc
not-installed"texlive-pnas2009
not-installed"texlive-poemscol
not-installed"texlive-poemscol-doc
not-installed"texlive-poetrytex
not-installed"texlive-poetrytex-doc
not-installed"texlive-polski
not-installed"texlive-polski-doc
not-installed"texlive-poltawski
not-installed"texlive-poltawski-doc
not-installed"texlive-poltawski-fonts
not-installed"texlive-polyglossia
not-installed"texlive-polyglossia-doc
not-installed"texlive-polynom
not-installed"texlive-polynom-doc
not-installed"texlive-polynomial
not-installed"texlive-polynomial-doc
not-installed"texlive-polytable
not-installed"texlive-polytable-doc
not-installed"texlive-postcards
not-installed"texlive-postcards-doc
not-installed"texlive-poster-mac
not-installed"texlive-poster-mac-doc
not-installed"texlive-powerdot
not-installed"texlive-powerdot-FUBerlin
not-installed"texlive-powerdot-FUBerlin-doc
not-installed"texlive-powerdot-doc
not-installed"texlive-ppr-prv
not-installed"texlive-ppr-prv-doc
not-installed"texlive-pracjourn
not-installed"texlive-pracjourn-doc
not-installed"texlive-preprint
not-installed"texlive-preprint-doc
not-installed"texlive-prerex
not-installed"texlive-prerex-doc
not-installed"texlive-present
not-installed"texlive-present-doc
not-installed"texlive-presentations
not-installed"texlive-presentations-en
not-installed"texlive-pressrelease
not-installed"texlive-pressrelease-doc
not-installed"texlive-prettyref
not-installed"texlive-prettyref-doc
not-installed"texlive-preview
not-installed"texlive-preview-doc
not-installed"texlive-prftree
not-installed"texlive-prftree-doc
not-installed"texlive-printlen
not-installed"texlive-printlen-doc
not-installed"texlive-proba
not-installed"texlive-proba-doc
not-installed"texlive-probsoln
not-installed"texlive-probsoln-doc
not-installed"texlive-procIAGssymp
not-installed"texlive-procIAGssymp-doc
not-installed"texlive-prodint
not-installed"texlive-prodint-doc
not-installed"texlive-prodint-fonts
not-installed"texlive-productbox
not-installed"texlive-productbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-program
not-installed"texlive-program-doc
not-installed"texlive-progress
not-installed"texlive-progress-doc
not-installed"texlive-progressbar
not-installed"texlive-progressbar-doc
not-installed"texlive-proofread
not-installed"texlive-proofread-doc
not-installed"texlive-prooftrees
not-installed"texlive-prooftrees-doc
not-installed"texlive-properties
not-installed"texlive-properties-doc
not-installed"texlive-proposal
not-installed"texlive-proposal-doc
not-installed"texlive-prosper
not-installed"texlive-prosper-doc
not-installed"texlive-protex
not-installed"texlive-protex-doc
not-installed"texlive-protocol
not-installed"texlive-protocol-doc
not-installed"texlive-przechlewski-book
not-installed"texlive-przechlewski-book-doc
not-installed"texlive-ps2pk
not-installed"texlive-ps2pk-bin
not-installed"texlive-psbao
not-installed"texlive-psbao-doc
not-installed"texlive-pseudocode
not-installed"texlive-pseudocode-doc
not-installed"texlive-psfrag
not-installed"texlive-psfrag-doc
not-installed"texlive-psfrag-italian
not-installed"texlive-psfragx
not-installed"texlive-psfragx-doc
not-installed"texlive-psgo
not-installed"texlive-psgo-doc
not-installed"texlive-psizzl
not-installed"texlive-psizzl-doc
not-installed"texlive-pslatex
not-installed"texlive-psnfss
not-installed"texlive-psnfss-doc
not-installed"texlive-pspicture
not-installed"texlive-pspicture-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-2dplot
not-installed"texlive-pst-2dplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-3d
not-installed"texlive-pst-3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-3dplot
not-installed"texlive-pst-3dplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-abspos
not-installed"texlive-pst-abspos-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-am
not-installed"texlive-pst-am-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-asr
not-installed"texlive-pst-asr-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-bar
not-installed"texlive-pst-bar-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-barcode
not-installed"texlive-pst-barcode-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-bezier
not-installed"texlive-pst-bezier-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-blur
not-installed"texlive-pst-blur-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-bspline
not-installed"texlive-pst-bspline-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-calendar
not-installed"texlive-pst-calendar-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-cie
not-installed"texlive-pst-cie-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-circ
not-installed"texlive-pst-circ-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-coil
not-installed"texlive-pst-coil-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-cox
not-installed"texlive-pst-cox-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-dbicons
not-installed"texlive-pst-dbicons-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-diffraction
not-installed"texlive-pst-diffraction-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-electricfield
not-installed"texlive-pst-electricfield-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-eps
not-installed"texlive-pst-eps-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-eucl
not-installed"texlive-pst-eucl-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-eucl-translation-bg
not-installed"texlive-pst-exa
not-installed"texlive-pst-exa-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-fill
not-installed"texlive-pst-fill-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-fit
not-installed"texlive-pst-fit-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-fr3d
not-installed"texlive-pst-fr3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-fractal
not-installed"texlive-pst-fractal-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-fun
not-installed"texlive-pst-fun-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-func
not-installed"texlive-pst-func-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-gantt
not-installed"texlive-pst-gantt-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-geo
not-installed"texlive-pst-geo-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-ghsb
not-installed"texlive-pst-ghsb-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-gr3d
not-installed"texlive-pst-gr3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-grad
not-installed"texlive-pst-grad-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-graphicx
not-installed"texlive-pst-graphicx-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-infixplot
not-installed"texlive-pst-infixplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-intersect
not-installed"texlive-pst-intersect-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-jtree
not-installed"texlive-pst-jtree-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-knot
not-installed"texlive-pst-knot-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-labo
not-installed"texlive-pst-labo-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-layout
not-installed"texlive-pst-layout-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-lens
not-installed"texlive-pst-lens-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-light3d
not-installed"texlive-pst-light3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-magneticfield
not-installed"texlive-pst-magneticfield-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-math
not-installed"texlive-pst-math-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-mirror
not-installed"texlive-pst-mirror-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-node
not-installed"texlive-pst-node-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-ob3d
not-installed"texlive-pst-ob3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-ode
not-installed"texlive-pst-ode-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-optexp
not-installed"texlive-pst-optexp-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-optic
not-installed"texlive-pst-optic-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-osci
not-installed"texlive-pst-osci-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-ovl
not-installed"texlive-pst-ovl-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-pad
not-installed"texlive-pst-pad-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-pdf
not-installed"texlive-pst-pdf-bin
not-installed"texlive-pst-pdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-pdgr
not-installed"texlive-pst-pdgr-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-perspective
not-installed"texlive-pst-perspective-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-platon
not-installed"texlive-pst-platon-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-plot
not-installed"texlive-pst-plot-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-poly
not-installed"texlive-pst-poly-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-pulley
not-installed"texlive-pst-pulley-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-qtree
not-installed"texlive-pst-qtree-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-rubans
not-installed"texlive-pst-rubans-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-sigsys
not-installed"texlive-pst-sigsys-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-slpe
not-installed"texlive-pst-slpe-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-solarsystem
not-installed"texlive-pst-solarsystem-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-solides3d
not-installed"texlive-pst-solides3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-soroban
not-installed"texlive-pst-soroban-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-spectra
not-installed"texlive-pst-spectra-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-spirograph
not-installed"texlive-pst-spirograph-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-stru
not-installed"texlive-pst-stru-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-support
not-installed"texlive-pst-text
not-installed"texlive-pst-text-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-thick
not-installed"texlive-pst-thick-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-tools
not-installed"texlive-pst-tools-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-tree
not-installed"texlive-pst-tree-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-tvz
not-installed"texlive-pst-tvz-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-uml
not-installed"texlive-pst-uml-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-vectorian
not-installed"texlive-pst-vectorian-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-vowel
not-installed"texlive-pst-vowel-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst-vue3d
not-installed"texlive-pst-vue3d-doc
not-installed"texlive-pst2pdf
not-installed"texlive-pst2pdf-bin
not-installed"texlive-pst2pdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-pstool
not-installed"texlive-pstool-doc
not-installed"texlive-pstools
not-installed"texlive-pstools-bin
not-installed"texlive-pstools-doc
not-installed"texlive-pstricks
not-installed"texlive-pstricks-add
not-installed"texlive-pstricks-add-doc
not-installed"texlive-pstricks-doc
not-installed"texlive-pstricks-examples
not-installed"texlive-pstricks-examples-en
not-installed"texlive-pstricks_calcnotes
not-installed"texlive-psu-thesis
not-installed"texlive-psu-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-ptex
not-installed"texlive-ptex-base
not-installed"texlive-ptex-base-doc
not-installed"texlive-ptex-bin
not-installed"texlive-ptex-doc
not-installed"texlive-ptex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ptex-fonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-ptex-fonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ptex2pdf
not-installed"texlive-ptex2pdf-bin
not-installed"texlive-ptex2pdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-ptexenc-devel
not-installed"texlive-ptext
not-installed"texlive-ptext-doc
not-installed"texlive-ptptex
not-installed"texlive-ptptex-doc
not-installed"texlive-punk
not-installed"texlive-punk-doc
not-installed"texlive-punk-latex
not-installed"texlive-punk-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-punknova
not-installed"texlive-punknova-doc
not-installed"texlive-punknova-fonts
not-installed"texlive-purifyeps
not-installed"texlive-purifyeps-bin
not-installed"texlive-purifyeps-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxbase
not-installed"texlive-pxbase-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxchfon
not-installed"texlive-pxchfon-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxcjkcat
not-installed"texlive-pxcjkcat-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxfonts
not-installed"texlive-pxfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxfonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-pxgreeks
not-installed"texlive-pxgreeks-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxjahyper
not-installed"texlive-pxjahyper-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxpgfmark
not-installed"texlive-pxpgfmark-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxrubrica
not-installed"texlive-pxrubrica-doc
not-installed"texlive-pxtxalfa
not-installed"texlive-pxtxalfa-doc
not-installed"texlive-pygmentex
not-installed"texlive-pygmentex-bin
not-installed"texlive-pygmentex-doc
not-installed"texlive-python
not-installed"texlive-python-doc
not-installed"texlive-pythontex
not-installed"texlive-pythontex-bin
not-installed"texlive-pythontex-doc
not-installed"texlive-qcircuit
not-installed"texlive-qcircuit-doc
not-installed"texlive-qcm
not-installed"texlive-qcm-doc
not-installed"texlive-qobitree
not-installed"texlive-qobitree-doc
not-installed"texlive-qpxqtx
not-installed"texlive-qpxqtx-doc
not-installed"texlive-qrcode
not-installed"texlive-qrcode-doc
not-installed"texlive-qstest
not-installed"texlive-qstest-doc
not-installed"texlive-qsymbols
not-installed"texlive-qsymbols-doc
not-installed"texlive-qtree
not-installed"texlive-qtree-doc
not-installed"texlive-quattrocento
not-installed"texlive-quattrocento-doc
not-installed"texlive-quattrocento-fonts
not-installed"texlive-quotchap
not-installed"texlive-quotchap-doc
not-installed"texlive-quoting
not-installed"texlive-quoting-doc
not-installed"texlive-quotmark
not-installed"texlive-quotmark-doc
not-installed"texlive-quran
not-installed"texlive-quran-doc
not-installed"texlive-r_und_s
not-installed"texlive-r_und_s-doc
not-installed"texlive-raleway
not-installed"texlive-raleway-doc
not-installed"texlive-raleway-fonts
not-installed"texlive-ran_toks
not-installed"texlive-ran_toks-doc
not-installed"texlive-randbild
not-installed"texlive-randbild-doc
not-installed"texlive-randomwalk
not-installed"texlive-randomwalk-doc
not-installed"texlive-randtext
not-installed"texlive-randtext-doc
not-installed"texlive-rccol
not-installed"texlive-rccol-doc
not-installed"texlive-rcs
not-installed"texlive-rcs-doc
not-installed"texlive-rcs-multi
not-installed"texlive-rcs-multi-doc
not-installed"texlive-rcsinfo
not-installed"texlive-rcsinfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-readarray
not-installed"texlive-readarray-doc
not-installed"texlive-realboxes
not-installed"texlive-realboxes-doc
not-installed"texlive-realscripts
not-installed"texlive-realscripts-doc
not-installed"texlive-rec-thy
not-installed"texlive-rec-thy-doc
not-installed"texlive-recipe
not-installed"texlive-recipe-doc
not-installed"texlive-recipebook
not-installed"texlive-recipebook-doc
not-installed"texlive-recipecard
not-installed"texlive-recipecard-doc
not-installed"texlive-rectopma
not-installed"texlive-rectopma-doc
not-installed"texlive-recycle
not-installed"texlive-recycle-doc
not-installed"texlive-recycle-fonts
not-installed"texlive-refcheck
not-installed"texlive-refcheck-doc
not-installed"texlive-refenums
not-installed"texlive-refenums-doc
not-installed"texlive-reflectgraphics
not-installed"texlive-reflectgraphics-doc
not-installed"texlive-refman
not-installed"texlive-refman-doc
not-installed"texlive-refstyle
not-installed"texlive-refstyle-doc
not-installed"texlive-regcount
not-installed"texlive-regcount-doc
not-installed"texlive-regexpatch
not-installed"texlive-regexpatch-doc
not-installed"texlive-register
not-installed"texlive-register-doc
not-installed"texlive-regstats
not-installed"texlive-regstats-doc
not-installed"texlive-reledmac
not-installed"texlive-reledmac-doc
not-installed"texlive-relenc
not-installed"texlive-relenc-doc
not-installed"texlive-relsize
not-installed"texlive-relsize-doc
not-installed"texlive-reotex
not-installed"texlive-reotex-doc
not-installed"texlive-repeatindex
not-installed"texlive-repeatindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-repere
not-installed"texlive-repere-doc
not-installed"texlive-repltext
not-installed"texlive-repltext-doc
not-installed"texlive-resphilosophica
not-installed"texlive-resphilosophica-doc
not-installed"texlive-resumecls
not-installed"texlive-resumecls-doc
not-installed"texlive-resumemac
not-installed"texlive-resumemac-doc
not-installed"texlive-reverxii
not-installed"texlive-revtex
not-installed"texlive-revtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-revtex4
not-installed"texlive-revtex4-doc
not-installed"texlive-ribbonproofs
not-installed"texlive-ribbonproofs-doc
not-installed"texlive-rjlparshap
not-installed"texlive-rjlparshap-doc
not-installed"texlive-rlepsf
not-installed"texlive-rlepsf-doc
not-installed"texlive-rmathbr
not-installed"texlive-rmathbr-doc
not-installed"texlive-rmpage
not-installed"texlive-rmpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-roboto
not-installed"texlive-roboto-doc
not-installed"texlive-roboto-fonts
not-installed"texlive-robustcommand
not-installed"texlive-robustcommand-doc
not-installed"texlive-robustindex
not-installed"texlive-robustindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-roex
not-installed"texlive-romanbar
not-installed"texlive-romanbar-doc
not-installed"texlive-romanbarpagenumber
not-installed"texlive-romanbarpagenumber-doc
not-installed"texlive-romande
not-installed"texlive-romande-doc
not-installed"texlive-romande-fonts
not-installed"texlive-romanneg
not-installed"texlive-romanneg-doc
not-installed"texlive-romannum
not-installed"texlive-romannum-doc
not-installed"texlive-rosario
not-installed"texlive-rosario-doc
not-installed"texlive-rosario-fonts
not-installed"texlive-rotating
not-installed"texlive-rotating-doc
not-installed"texlive-rotfloat
not-installed"texlive-rotfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-rotpages
not-installed"texlive-rotpages-doc
not-installed"texlive-roundbox
not-installed"texlive-roundbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-roundrect
not-installed"texlive-roundrect-doc
not-installed"texlive-rrgtrees
not-installed"texlive-rrgtrees-doc
not-installed"texlive-rsc
not-installed"texlive-rsc-doc
not-installed"texlive-rsfs
not-installed"texlive-rsfs-doc
not-installed"texlive-rsfs-fonts
not-installed"texlive-rsfso
not-installed"texlive-rsfso-doc
not-installed"texlive-rterface
not-installed"texlive-rterface-doc
not-installed"texlive-rtkinenc
not-installed"texlive-rtkinenc-doc
not-installed"texlive-rtklage
not-installed"texlive-rtklage-doc
not-installed"texlive-rubik
not-installed"texlive-rubik-bin
not-installed"texlive-rubik-doc
not-installed"texlive-ruhyphen
not-installed"texlive-rulercompass
not-installed"texlive-rulercompass-doc
not-installed"texlive-russ
not-installed"texlive-russ-doc
not-installed"texlive-rviewport
not-installed"texlive-rviewport-doc
not-installed"texlive-rvwrite
not-installed"texlive-rvwrite-doc
not-installed"texlive-ryethesis
not-installed"texlive-ryethesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-sa-tikz
not-installed"texlive-sa-tikz-doc
not-installed"texlive-sageep
not-installed"texlive-sageep-doc
not-installed"texlive-sanskrit
not-installed"texlive-sanskrit-doc
not-installed"texlive-sanskrit-t1
not-installed"texlive-sanskrit-t1-doc
not-installed"texlive-sanskrit-t1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-sansmath
not-installed"texlive-sansmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-sansmathaccent
not-installed"texlive-sansmathaccent-doc
not-installed"texlive-sansmathfonts
not-installed"texlive-sansmathfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-sansmathfonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-sapthesis
not-installed"texlive-sapthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-sasnrdisplay
not-installed"texlive-sasnrdisplay-doc
not-installed"texlive-sauerj
not-installed"texlive-sauerj-doc
not-installed"texlive-sauter
not-installed"texlive-sauterfonts
not-installed"texlive-sauterfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-savefnmark
not-installed"texlive-savefnmark-doc
not-installed"texlive-savesym
not-installed"texlive-savetrees
not-installed"texlive-savetrees-doc
not-installed"texlive-scale
not-installed"texlive-scale-doc
not-installed"texlive-scalebar
not-installed"texlive-scalebar-doc
not-installed"texlive-scalerel
not-installed"texlive-scalerel-doc
not-installed"texlive-scanpages
not-installed"texlive-scanpages-doc
not-installed"texlive-schemabloc
not-installed"texlive-schemabloc-doc
not-installed"texlive-schemata
not-installed"texlive-schemata-doc
not-installed"texlive-scheme-basic
not-installed"texlive-scheme-context
not-installed"texlive-scheme-full
not-installed"texlive-scheme-gust
not-installed"texlive-scheme-medium
not-installed"texlive-scheme-minimal
not-installed"texlive-scheme-small
not-installed"texlive-scheme-tetex
not-installed"texlive-scheme-xml
not-installed"texlive-schule
not-installed"texlive-schule-doc
not-installed"texlive-schulschriften
not-installed"texlive-schulschriften-doc
not-installed"texlive-schwalbe-chess
not-installed"texlive-schwalbe-chess-doc
not-installed"texlive-sciposter
not-installed"texlive-sciposter-doc
not-installed"texlive-sclang-prettifier
not-installed"texlive-sclang-prettifier-doc
not-installed"texlive-screenplay
not-installed"texlive-screenplay-doc
not-installed"texlive-screenplay-pkg
not-installed"texlive-screenplay-pkg-doc
not-installed"texlive-scrjrnl
not-installed"texlive-scrjrnl-doc
not-installed"texlive-scrlttr2copy
not-installed"texlive-scrlttr2copy-doc
not-installed"texlive-sdrt
not-installed"texlive-sdrt-doc
not-installed"texlive-sduthesis
not-installed"texlive-sduthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-secdot
not-installed"texlive-secdot-doc
not-installed"texlive-section
not-installed"texlive-section-doc
not-installed"texlive-sectionbox
not-installed"texlive-sectionbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-sectsty
not-installed"texlive-sectsty-doc
not-installed"texlive-seealso
not-installed"texlive-seealso-doc
not-installed"texlive-seetexk
not-installed"texlive-seetexk-bin
not-installed"texlive-selectp
not-installed"texlive-selectp-doc
not-installed"texlive-selnolig
not-installed"texlive-selnolig-doc
not-installed"texlive-semantic
not-installed"texlive-semantic-doc
not-installed"texlive-semaphor
not-installed"texlive-semaphor-doc
not-installed"texlive-semaphor-fonts
not-installed"texlive-seminar
not-installed"texlive-seminar-doc
not-installed"texlive-semioneside
not-installed"texlive-semioneside-doc
not-installed"texlive-semproc
not-installed"texlive-semproc-doc
not-installed"texlive-sepfootnotes
not-installed"texlive-sepfootnotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-sepnum
not-installed"texlive-sepnum-doc
not-installed"texlive-seqsplit
not-installed"texlive-seqsplit-doc
not-installed"texlive-serbian-apostrophe
not-installed"texlive-serbian-apostrophe-doc
not-installed"texlive-serbian-date-lat
not-installed"texlive-serbian-date-lat-doc
not-installed"texlive-serbian-def-cyr
not-installed"texlive-serbian-def-cyr-doc
not-installed"texlive-serbian-lig
not-installed"texlive-serbian-lig-doc
not-installed"texlive-sesamanuel
not-installed"texlive-sesamanuel-doc
not-installed"texlive-setdeck
not-installed"texlive-setdeck-doc
not-installed"texlive-setspace
not-installed"texlive-setspace-doc
not-installed"texlive-seuthesis
not-installed"texlive-seuthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-seuthesix
not-installed"texlive-seuthesix-doc
not-installed"texlive-sf298
not-installed"texlive-sf298-doc
not-installed"texlive-sffms
not-installed"texlive-sffms-doc
not-installed"texlive-sfg
not-installed"texlive-sfg-doc
not-installed"texlive-sfmath
not-installed"texlive-sgame
not-installed"texlive-sgame-doc
not-installed"texlive-shade
not-installed"texlive-shade-doc
not-installed"texlive-shadethm
not-installed"texlive-shadethm-doc
not-installed"texlive-shadow
not-installed"texlive-shadow-doc
not-installed"texlive-shadowtext
not-installed"texlive-shadowtext-doc
not-installed"texlive-shapepar
not-installed"texlive-shapepar-doc
not-installed"texlive-shapes
not-installed"texlive-shapes-doc
not-installed"texlive-shdoc
not-installed"texlive-shdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-shipunov
not-installed"texlive-shipunov-doc
not-installed"texlive-shorttoc
not-installed"texlive-shorttoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-show2e
not-installed"texlive-show2e-doc
not-installed"texlive-showcharinbox
not-installed"texlive-showcharinbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-showdim
not-installed"texlive-showdim-doc
not-installed"texlive-showexpl
not-installed"texlive-showexpl-doc
not-installed"texlive-showhyphens
not-installed"texlive-showhyphens-doc
not-installed"texlive-showlabels
not-installed"texlive-showlabels-doc
not-installed"texlive-showtags
not-installed"texlive-showtags-doc
not-installed"texlive-shuffle
not-installed"texlive-shuffle-doc
not-installed"texlive-sidecap
not-installed"texlive-sidecap-doc
not-installed"texlive-sidenotes
not-installed"texlive-sidenotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-sides
not-installed"texlive-sides-doc
not-installed"texlive-signchart
not-installed"texlive-signchart-doc
not-installed"texlive-silence
not-installed"texlive-silence-doc
not-installed"texlive-simplecd
not-installed"texlive-simplecd-doc
not-installed"texlive-simplecv
not-installed"texlive-simplecv-doc
not-installed"texlive-simpler-wick
not-installed"texlive-simpler-wick-doc
not-installed"texlive-simplewick
not-installed"texlive-simplewick-doc
not-installed"texlive-simplified-latex
not-installed"texlive-simurgh
not-installed"texlive-simurgh-doc
not-installed"texlive-sitem
not-installed"texlive-sitem-doc
not-installed"texlive-siunitx
not-installed"texlive-siunitx-doc
not-installed"texlive-skak
not-installed"texlive-skak-doc
not-installed"texlive-skaknew
not-installed"texlive-skaknew-doc
not-installed"texlive-skaknew-fonts
not-installed"texlive-skb
not-installed"texlive-skb-doc
not-installed"texlive-skdoc
not-installed"texlive-skdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-skeycommand
not-installed"texlive-skeycommand-doc
not-installed"texlive-skeyval
not-installed"texlive-skeyval-doc
not-installed"texlive-skmath
not-installed"texlive-skmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-skrapport
not-installed"texlive-skrapport-doc
not-installed"texlive-skull
not-installed"texlive-slantsc
not-installed"texlive-slantsc-doc
not-installed"texlive-slideshow
not-installed"texlive-slideshow-doc
not-installed"texlive-smalltableof
not-installed"texlive-smalltableof-doc
not-installed"texlive-smartdiagram
not-installed"texlive-smartdiagram-doc
not-installed"texlive-smartref
not-installed"texlive-smartref-doc
not-installed"texlive-smartunits
not-installed"texlive-smartunits-doc
not-installed"texlive-snapshot
not-installed"texlive-snapshot-doc
not-installed"texlive-snotez
not-installed"texlive-snotez-doc
not-installed"texlive-songbook
not-installed"texlive-songbook-doc
not-installed"texlive-songs
not-installed"texlive-songs-doc
not-installed"texlive-sort-by-letters
not-installed"texlive-sort-by-letters-doc
not-installed"texlive-soton
not-installed"texlive-soton-doc
not-installed"texlive-soul
not-installed"texlive-soul-doc
not-installed"texlive-sourcecodepro
not-installed"texlive-sourcecodepro-doc
not-installed"texlive-sourcecodepro-fonts
not-installed"texlive-sourcesanspro
not-installed"texlive-sourcesanspro-doc
not-installed"texlive-sourcesanspro-fonts
not-installed"texlive-sourceserifpro
not-installed"texlive-sourceserifpro-doc
not-installed"texlive-sourceserifpro-fonts
not-installed"texlive-spanish-mx
not-installed"texlive-spanish-mx-doc
not-installed"texlive-sparklines
not-installed"texlive-sparklines-doc
not-installed"texlive-spath3
not-installed"texlive-spath3-doc
not-installed"texlive-specs-a
not-installed"texlive-spelling
not-installed"texlive-spelling-doc
not-installed"texlive-sphdthesis
not-installed"texlive-sphdthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-spie
not-installed"texlive-spie-doc
not-installed"texlive-splines
not-installed"texlive-splines-doc
not-installed"texlive-splitbib
not-installed"texlive-splitbib-doc
not-installed"texlive-splitindex
not-installed"texlive-splitindex-bin
not-installed"texlive-splitindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-spot
not-installed"texlive-spot-doc
not-installed"texlive-spotcolor
not-installed"texlive-spotcolor-doc
not-installed"texlive-spreadtab
not-installed"texlive-spreadtab-doc
not-installed"texlive-spverbatim
not-installed"texlive-spverbatim-doc
not-installed"texlive-sr-vorl
not-installed"texlive-sr-vorl-doc
not-installed"texlive-srbook-mem
not-installed"texlive-srbook-mem-doc
not-installed"texlive-srcltx
not-installed"texlive-srcltx-doc
not-installed"texlive-srcredact
not-installed"texlive-srcredact-bin
not-installed"texlive-srcredact-doc
not-installed"texlive-sseq
not-installed"texlive-sseq-doc
not-installed"texlive-sslides
not-installed"texlive-sslides-doc
not-installed"texlive-stack
not-installed"texlive-stackengine
not-installed"texlive-stackengine-doc
not-installed"texlive-stage
not-installed"texlive-stage-doc
not-installed"texlive-standalone
not-installed"texlive-standalone-doc
not-installed"texlive-starfont
not-installed"texlive-starfont-doc
not-installed"texlive-starfont-fonts
not-installed"texlive-startex
not-installed"texlive-startex-doc
not-installed"texlive-statex
not-installed"texlive-statex-doc
not-installed"texlive-statex2
not-installed"texlive-statex2-doc
not-installed"texlive-statistik
not-installed"texlive-statistik-doc
not-installed"texlive-staves
not-installed"texlive-staves-doc
not-installed"texlive-staves-fonts
not-installed"texlive-stdclsdv
not-installed"texlive-stdclsdv-doc
not-installed"texlive-stdpage
not-installed"texlive-stdpage-doc
not-installed"texlive-steinmetz
not-installed"texlive-steinmetz-doc
not-installed"texlive-stellenbosch
not-installed"texlive-stellenbosch-doc
not-installed"texlive-stex
not-installed"texlive-stex-doc
not-installed"texlive-stix
not-installed"texlive-stix-doc
not-installed"texlive-stix-fonts
not-installed"texlive-stmaryrd
not-installed"texlive-stmaryrd-doc
not-installed"texlive-stmaryrd-fonts
not-installed"texlive-storebox
not-installed"texlive-storebox-doc
not-installed"texlive-storecmd
not-installed"texlive-storecmd-doc
not-installed"texlive-stringstrings
not-installed"texlive-stringstrings-doc
not-installed"texlive-struktex
not-installed"texlive-struktex-doc
not-installed"texlive-sttools
not-installed"texlive-sttools-doc
not-installed"texlive-stubs
not-installed"texlive-stubs-doc
not-installed"texlive-sty2dtx
not-installed"texlive-sty2dtx-bin
not-installed"texlive-sty2dtx-doc
not-installed"texlive-suanpan
not-installed"texlive-suanpan-doc
not-installed"texlive-subdepth
not-installed"texlive-subdepth-doc
not-installed"texlive-subeqn
not-installed"texlive-subeqn-doc
not-installed"texlive-subeqnarray
not-installed"texlive-subeqnarray-doc
not-installed"texlive-subfig
not-installed"texlive-subfig-doc
not-installed"texlive-subfigmat
not-installed"texlive-subfigmat-doc
not-installed"texlive-subfigure
not-installed"texlive-subfigure-doc
not-installed"texlive-subfiles
not-installed"texlive-subfiles-doc
not-installed"texlive-subfloat
not-installed"texlive-subfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-substances
not-installed"texlive-substances-doc
not-installed"texlive-substitutefont
not-installed"texlive-substitutefont-doc
not-installed"texlive-substr
not-installed"texlive-substr-doc
not-installed"texlive-subsupscripts
not-installed"texlive-subsupscripts-doc
not-installed"texlive-sudoku
not-installed"texlive-sudoku-doc
not-installed"texlive-sudokubundle
not-installed"texlive-sudokubundle-doc
not-installed"texlive-suftesi
not-installed"texlive-suftesi-doc
not-installed"texlive-sugconf
not-installed"texlive-sugconf-doc
not-installed"texlive-superiors
not-installed"texlive-superiors-doc
not-installed"texlive-superiors-fonts
not-installed"texlive-supertabular
not-installed"texlive-supertabular-doc
not-installed"texlive-susy
not-installed"texlive-susy-doc
not-installed"texlive-svg
not-installed"texlive-svg-doc
not-installed"texlive-svg-inkscape
not-installed"texlive-svgcolor
not-installed"texlive-svgcolor-doc
not-installed"texlive-svn
not-installed"texlive-svn-doc
not-installed"texlive-svn-multi
not-installed"texlive-svn-multi-bin
not-installed"texlive-svn-multi-doc
not-installed"texlive-svn-prov
not-installed"texlive-svn-prov-doc
not-installed"texlive-svninfo
not-installed"texlive-svninfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-svrsymbols
not-installed"texlive-svrsymbols-doc
not-installed"texlive-svrsymbols-fonts
not-installed"texlive-swebib
not-installed"texlive-swebib-doc
not-installed"texlive-swimgraf
not-installed"texlive-swimgraf-doc
not-installed"texlive-syllogism
not-installed"texlive-syllogism-doc
not-installed"texlive-symbol
not-installed"texlive-symbol-fonts
not-installed"texlive-sympytexpackage
not-installed"texlive-sympytexpackage-doc
not-installed"texlive-synctex
not-installed"texlive-synctex-bin
not-installed"texlive-synctex-devel
not-installed"texlive-synproof
not-installed"texlive-synproof-doc
not-installed"texlive-syntax
not-installed"texlive-syntax-doc
not-installed"texlive-syntrace
not-installed"texlive-syntrace-doc
not-installed"texlive-synttree
not-installed"texlive-synttree-doc
not-installed"texlive-systeme
not-installed"texlive-systeme-doc
not-installed"texlive-t-angles
not-installed"texlive-t-angles-doc
not-installed"texlive-t2
not-installed"texlive-t2-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabfigures
not-installed"texlive-tabfigures-doc
not-installed"texlive-tableaux
not-installed"texlive-tableaux-doc
not-installed"texlive-tablefootnote
not-installed"texlive-tablefootnote-doc
not-installed"texlive-tableof
not-installed"texlive-tableof-doc
not-installed"texlive-tablestyles
not-installed"texlive-tablestyles-doc
not-installed"texlive-tablists
not-installed"texlive-tablists-doc
not-installed"texlive-tablor
not-installed"texlive-tablor-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabls
not-installed"texlive-tabls-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabriz-thesis
not-installed"texlive-tabriz-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabstackengine
not-installed"texlive-tabstackengine-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabto-generic
not-installed"texlive-tabto-ltx
not-installed"texlive-tabto-ltx-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabu
not-installed"texlive-tabu-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabularborder
not-installed"texlive-tabularborder-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabularcalc
not-installed"texlive-tabularcalc-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabularew
not-installed"texlive-tabularew-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabulars-e
not-installed"texlive-tabulary
not-installed"texlive-tabulary-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabvar
not-installed"texlive-tabvar-doc
not-installed"texlive-tabvar-fonts
not-installed"texlive-tagging
not-installed"texlive-tagging-doc
not-installed"texlive-tagpair
not-installed"texlive-tagpair-doc
not-installed"texlive-talk
not-installed"texlive-talk-doc
not-installed"texlive-tamefloats
not-installed"texlive-tamefloats-doc
not-installed"texlive-tamethebeast
not-installed"texlive-tap
not-installed"texlive-tap-doc
not-installed"texlive-tapir
not-installed"texlive-tapir-doc
not-installed"texlive-tapir-fonts
not-installed"texlive-tasks
not-installed"texlive-tasks-doc
not-installed"texlive-tcldoc
not-installed"texlive-tcldoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-tcolorbox
not-installed"texlive-tcolorbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-tdclock
not-installed"texlive-tdclock-doc
not-installed"texlive-tds
not-installed"texlive-tdsfrmath
not-installed"texlive-tdsfrmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-technics
not-installed"texlive-technics-doc
not-installed"texlive-ted
not-installed"texlive-ted-doc
not-installed"texlive-templates-fenn
not-installed"texlive-templates-sommer
not-installed"texlive-templatetools
not-installed"texlive-templatetools-doc
not-installed"texlive-tempora
not-installed"texlive-tempora-doc
not-installed"texlive-tempora-fonts
not-installed"texlive-tengwarscript
not-installed"texlive-tengwarscript-doc
not-installed"texlive-tensor
not-installed"texlive-tensor-doc
not-installed"texlive-termcal
not-installed"texlive-termcal-doc
not-installed"texlive-termlist
not-installed"texlive-termlist-doc
not-installed"texlive-termmenu
not-installed"texlive-termmenu-doc
not-installed"texlive-testhyphens
not-installed"texlive-testhyphens-doc
not-installed"texlive-tetex
not-installed"texlive-tetex-bin
not-installed"texlive-tetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-teubner
not-installed"texlive-teubner-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex
not-installed"texlive-tex-bin
not-installed"texlive-tex-ewd
not-installed"texlive-tex-ewd-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex-font-errors-cheatsheet
not-installed"texlive-tex-gyre
not-installed"texlive-tex-gyre-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex-gyre-fonts
not-installed"texlive-tex-gyre-math
not-installed"texlive-tex-gyre-math-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex-gyre-math-fonts
not-installed"texlive-tex-ini-files
not-installed"texlive-tex-ini-files-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex-label
not-installed"texlive-tex-label-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex-overview
not-installed"texlive-tex-ps
not-installed"texlive-tex-ps-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex-refs
not-installed"texlive-tex-virtual-academy-pl
not-installed"texlive-tex4ebook
not-installed"texlive-tex4ebook-bin
not-installed"texlive-tex4ebook-doc
not-installed"texlive-tex4ht
not-installed"texlive-tex4ht-bin
not-installed"texlive-tex4ht-doc
not-installed"texlive-texapi
not-installed"texlive-texapi-doc
not-installed"texlive-texbytopic
not-installed"texlive-texconfig
not-installed"texlive-texconfig-bin
not-installed"texlive-texconfig-doc
not-installed"texlive-texcount
not-installed"texlive-texcount-bin
not-installed"texlive-texcount-doc
not-installed"texlive-texdef
not-installed"texlive-texdef-bin
not-installed"texlive-texdef-doc
not-installed"texlive-texdiff
not-installed"texlive-texdiff-bin
not-installed"texlive-texdiff-doc
not-installed"texlive-texdirflatten
not-installed"texlive-texdirflatten-bin
not-installed"texlive-texdirflatten-doc
not-installed"texlive-texdoc
not-installed"texlive-texdoc-bin
not-installed"texlive-texdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-texdraw
not-installed"texlive-texdraw-doc
not-installed"texlive-texfot
not-installed"texlive-texfot-bin
not-installed"texlive-texfot-doc
not-installed"texlive-texilikechaps
not-installed"texlive-texilikecover
not-installed"texlive-texinfo
not-installed"texlive-texlive-common
not-installed"texlive-texlive-cz
not-installed"texlive-texlive-de
not-installed"texlive-texlive-en
not-installed"texlive-texlive-es
not-installed"texlive-texlive-fr
not-installed"texlive-texlive-it
not-installed"texlive-texlive-pl
not-installed"texlive-texlive-ru
not-installed"texlive-texlive-sr
not-installed"texlive-texlive-zh-cn
not-installed"texlive-texlive.infra
not-installed"texlive-texlive.infra-doc
not-installed"texlive-texliveonfly
not-installed"texlive-texliveonfly-bin
not-installed"texlive-texliveonfly-doc
not-installed"texlive-texloganalyser
not-installed"texlive-texloganalyser-bin
not-installed"texlive-texloganalyser-doc
not-installed"texlive-texlogos
not-installed"texlive-texlua-devel
not-installed"texlive-texluajit-devel
not-installed"texlive-texmate
not-installed"texlive-texmate-doc
not-installed"texlive-texments
not-installed"texlive-texments-doc
not-installed"texlive-texpower
not-installed"texlive-texpower-doc
not-installed"texlive-texshade
not-installed"texlive-texshade-doc
not-installed"texlive-texsis
not-installed"texlive-texsis-bin
not-installed"texlive-texsis-doc
not-installed"texlive-textcase
not-installed"texlive-textcase-doc
not-installed"texlive-textfit
not-installed"texlive-textfit-doc
not-installed"texlive-textglos
not-installed"texlive-textglos-doc
not-installed"texlive-textgreek
not-installed"texlive-textgreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-textmerg
not-installed"texlive-textmerg-doc
not-installed"texlive-textopo
not-installed"texlive-textopo-doc
not-installed"texlive-textpath
not-installed"texlive-textpath-doc
not-installed"texlive-textpos
not-installed"texlive-textpos-doc
not-installed"texlive-texvc
not-installed"texlive-texvc-doc
not-installed"texlive-texware
not-installed"texlive-texware-bin
not-installed"texlive-tfrupee
not-installed"texlive-tfrupee-doc
not-installed"texlive-tfrupee-fonts
not-installed"texlive-thalie
not-installed"texlive-thalie-doc
not-installed"texlive-theoremref
not-installed"texlive-theoremref-doc
not-installed"texlive-thesis-ekf
not-installed"texlive-thesis-ekf-doc
not-installed"texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac
not-installed"texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac-doc
not-installed"texlive-thinsp
not-installed"texlive-thinsp-doc
not-installed"texlive-thmbox
not-installed"texlive-thmbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-thmtools
not-installed"texlive-thmtools-doc
not-installed"texlive-threadcol
not-installed"texlive-threadcol-doc
not-installed"texlive-threeddice
not-installed"texlive-threeddice-doc
not-installed"texlive-threeparttable
not-installed"texlive-threeparttable-doc
not-installed"texlive-threeparttablex
not-installed"texlive-threeparttablex-doc
not-installed"texlive-thumb
not-installed"texlive-thumb-doc
not-installed"texlive-thumbpdf
not-installed"texlive-thumbpdf-bin
not-installed"texlive-thumbpdf-doc
not-installed"texlive-thumbs
not-installed"texlive-thumbs-doc
not-installed"texlive-thumby
not-installed"texlive-thumby-doc
not-installed"texlive-thuthesis
not-installed"texlive-thuthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-ticket
not-installed"texlive-ticket-doc
not-installed"texlive-ticollege
not-installed"texlive-ticollege-doc
not-installed"texlive-tie
not-installed"texlive-tie-bin
not-installed"texlive-tikz-3dplot
not-installed"texlive-tikz-3dplot-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-bayesnet
not-installed"texlive-tikz-bayesnet-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-cd
not-installed"texlive-tikz-cd-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-dependency
not-installed"texlive-tikz-dependency-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-dimline
not-installed"texlive-tikz-dimline-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-feynman
not-installed"texlive-tikz-feynman-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-inet
not-installed"texlive-tikz-inet-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-opm
not-installed"texlive-tikz-opm-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-palattice
not-installed"texlive-tikz-palattice-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-qtree
not-installed"texlive-tikz-qtree-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikz-timing
not-installed"texlive-tikz-timing-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzinclude
not-installed"texlive-tikzinclude-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzmark
not-installed"texlive-tikzmark-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzorbital
not-installed"texlive-tikzorbital-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzpagenodes
not-installed"texlive-tikzpagenodes-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzpfeile
not-installed"texlive-tikzpfeile-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzposter
not-installed"texlive-tikzposter-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzscale
not-installed"texlive-tikzscale-doc
not-installed"texlive-tikzsymbols
not-installed"texlive-tikzsymbols-doc
not-installed"texlive-times
not-installed"texlive-times-fonts
not-installed"texlive-timetable
not-installed"texlive-timing-diagrams
not-installed"texlive-timing-diagrams-doc
not-installed"texlive-tipa
not-installed"texlive-tipa-de
not-installed"texlive-tipa-doc
not-installed"texlive-tipa-fonts
not-installed"texlive-tipfr
not-installed"texlive-tipfr-doc
not-installed"texlive-titlecaps
not-installed"texlive-titlecaps-doc
not-installed"texlive-titlefoot
not-installed"texlive-titlepages
not-installed"texlive-titlepic
not-installed"texlive-titlepic-doc
not-installed"texlive-titleref
not-installed"texlive-titleref-doc
not-installed"texlive-titlesec
not-installed"texlive-titlesec-doc
not-installed"texlive-titling
not-installed"texlive-titling-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-base
not-installed"texlive-tkz-base-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-berge
not-installed"texlive-tkz-berge-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-doc-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-euclide
not-installed"texlive-tkz-euclide-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-fct
not-installed"texlive-tkz-fct-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-graph
not-installed"texlive-tkz-graph-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-kiviat
not-installed"texlive-tkz-kiviat-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-linknodes
not-installed"texlive-tkz-linknodes-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-orm
not-installed"texlive-tkz-orm-doc
not-installed"texlive-tkz-tab
not-installed"texlive-tkz-tab-doc
not-installed"texlive-tlc2
not-installed"texlive-tocbibind
not-installed"texlive-tocbibind-doc
not-installed"texlive-tocloft
not-installed"texlive-tocloft-doc
not-installed"texlive-tocvsec2
not-installed"texlive-tocvsec2-doc
not-installed"texlive-todo
not-installed"texlive-todo-doc
not-installed"texlive-todonotes
not-installed"texlive-todonotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-tokenizer
not-installed"texlive-tokenizer-doc
not-installed"texlive-toolbox
not-installed"texlive-toolbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-tools
not-installed"texlive-tools-doc
not-installed"texlive-topfloat
not-installed"texlive-topfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-toptesi
not-installed"texlive-toptesi-doc
not-installed"texlive-totcount
not-installed"texlive-totcount-doc
not-installed"texlive-totpages
not-installed"texlive-totpages-doc
not-installed"texlive-tpic2pdftex
not-installed"texlive-tpic2pdftex-bin
not-installed"texlive-tpslifonts
not-installed"texlive-tpslifonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-tqft
not-installed"texlive-tqft-doc
not-installed"texlive-tracklang
not-installed"texlive-tracklang-doc
not-installed"texlive-trajan
not-installed"texlive-trajan-doc
not-installed"texlive-trajan-fonts
not-installed"texlive-tram
not-installed"texlive-tram-doc
not-installed"texlive-translation-array-fr
not-installed"texlive-translation-arsclassica-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-biblatex-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-chemsym-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-dcolumn-fr
not-installed"texlive-translation-ecv-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-enumitem-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-europecv-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-filecontents-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-moreverb-de
not-installed"texlive-translation-natbib-fr
not-installed"texlive-translation-tabbing-fr
not-installed"texlive-translations
not-installed"texlive-translations-doc
not-installed"texlive-tree-dvips
not-installed"texlive-tree-dvips-doc
not-installed"texlive-treetex
not-installed"texlive-treetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-trfsigns
not-installed"texlive-trfsigns-doc
not-installed"texlive-trimspaces
not-installed"texlive-trimspaces-doc
not-installed"texlive-trivfloat
not-installed"texlive-trivfloat-doc
not-installed"texlive-trsym
not-installed"texlive-trsym-doc
not-installed"texlive-truncate
not-installed"texlive-truncate-doc
not-installed"texlive-tsemlines
not-installed"texlive-ttfutils
not-installed"texlive-ttfutils-bin
not-installed"texlive-ttfutils-doc
not-installed"texlive-tucv
not-installed"texlive-tucv-doc
not-installed"texlive-tudscr
not-installed"texlive-tudscr-doc
not-installed"texlive-tufte-latex
not-installed"texlive-tufte-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-tugboat
not-installed"texlive-tugboat-doc
not-installed"texlive-tugboat-plain
not-installed"texlive-tugboat-plain-doc
not-installed"texlive-tui
not-installed"texlive-tui-doc
not-installed"texlive-turabian
not-installed"texlive-turabian-doc
not-installed"texlive-turabian-formatting
not-installed"texlive-turabian-formatting-doc
not-installed"texlive-turkmen
not-installed"texlive-turkmen-doc
not-installed"texlive-turnstile
not-installed"texlive-turnstile-doc
not-installed"texlive-turnthepage
not-installed"texlive-turnthepage-doc
not-installed"texlive-twoinone
not-installed"texlive-twoinone-doc
not-installed"texlive-twoup
not-installed"texlive-twoup-doc
not-installed"texlive-txfonts
not-installed"texlive-txfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-txfonts-fonts
not-installed"texlive-txfontsb
not-installed"texlive-txfontsb-doc
not-installed"texlive-txfontsb-fonts
not-installed"texlive-txgreeks
not-installed"texlive-txgreeks-doc
not-installed"texlive-type1cm
not-installed"texlive-type1cm-doc
not-installed"texlive-typed-checklist
not-installed"texlive-typed-checklist-doc
not-installed"texlive-typeface
not-installed"texlive-typeface-doc
not-installed"texlive-typehtml
not-installed"texlive-typehtml-doc
not-installed"texlive-typeoutfileinfo
not-installed"texlive-typeoutfileinfo-bin
not-installed"texlive-typeoutfileinfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-typicons
not-installed"texlive-typicons-doc
not-installed"texlive-typicons-fonts
not-installed"texlive-typogrid
not-installed"texlive-typogrid-doc
not-installed"texlive-uaclasses
not-installed"texlive-uaclasses-doc
not-installed"texlive-uafthesis
not-installed"texlive-uafthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-uantwerpendocs
not-installed"texlive-uantwerpendocs-doc
not-installed"texlive-uassign
not-installed"texlive-uassign-doc
not-installed"texlive-ucbthesis
not-installed"texlive-ucbthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-ucdavisthesis
not-installed"texlive-ucdavisthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-ucharcat
not-installed"texlive-ucharcat-doc
not-installed"texlive-ucharclasses
not-installed"texlive-ucharclasses-doc
not-installed"texlive-ucs
not-installed"texlive-ucs-doc
not-installed"texlive-ucthesis
not-installed"texlive-ucthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-udesoftec
not-installed"texlive-udesoftec-doc
not-installed"texlive-uebungsblatt
not-installed"texlive-uebungsblatt-doc
not-installed"texlive-uestcthesis
not-installed"texlive-uestcthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-uhc
not-installed"texlive-uhc-doc
not-installed"texlive-uhc-fonts
not-installed"texlive-uhrzeit
not-installed"texlive-uhrzeit-doc
not-installed"texlive-uiucredborder
not-installed"texlive-uiucredborder-doc
not-installed"texlive-uiucthesis
not-installed"texlive-uiucthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-ukrhyph
not-installed"texlive-ukrhyph-doc
not-installed"texlive-ulem
not-installed"texlive-ulem-doc
not-installed"texlive-ulqda
not-installed"texlive-ulqda-bin
not-installed"texlive-ulqda-doc
not-installed"texlive-ulthese
not-installed"texlive-ulthese-doc
not-installed"texlive-umich-thesis
not-installed"texlive-umich-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-uml
not-installed"texlive-uml-doc
not-installed"texlive-umlaute
not-installed"texlive-umlaute-doc
not-installed"texlive-umoline
not-installed"texlive-umoline-doc
not-installed"texlive-umthesis
not-installed"texlive-umthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-umtypewriter
not-installed"texlive-umtypewriter-fonts
not-installed"texlive-unamth-template
not-installed"texlive-unamthesis
not-installed"texlive-unamthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-underlin
not-installed"texlive-underlin-doc
not-installed"texlive-underoverlap
not-installed"texlive-underoverlap-doc
not-installed"texlive-underscore
not-installed"texlive-underscore-doc
not-installed"texlive-undolabl
not-installed"texlive-undolabl-doc
not-installed"texlive-uni-wtal-ger
not-installed"texlive-uni-wtal-ger-doc
not-installed"texlive-uni-wtal-lin
not-installed"texlive-uni-wtal-lin-doc
not-installed"texlive-unicode-data
not-installed"texlive-unicode-data-doc
not-installed"texlive-unicode-math
not-installed"texlive-unicode-math-doc
not-installed"texlive-unisugar
not-installed"texlive-unisugar-doc
not-installed"texlive-units
not-installed"texlive-units-doc
not-installed"texlive-unitsdef
not-installed"texlive-unitsdef-doc
not-installed"texlive-universa
not-installed"texlive-universa-doc
not-installed"texlive-universalis
not-installed"texlive-universalis-doc
not-installed"texlive-universalis-fonts
not-installed"texlive-unravel
not-installed"texlive-unravel-doc
not-installed"texlive-unswcover
not-installed"texlive-unswcover-doc
not-installed"texlive-uothesis
not-installed"texlive-uothesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-uowthesis
not-installed"texlive-uowthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-uowthesistitlepage
not-installed"texlive-uowthesistitlepage-doc
not-installed"texlive-upca
not-installed"texlive-upca-doc
not-installed"texlive-updmap-map
not-installed"texlive-uplatex
not-installed"texlive-uplatex-bin
not-installed"texlive-uplatex-doc
not-installed"texlive-upmethodology
not-installed"texlive-upmethodology-doc
not-installed"texlive-upquote
not-installed"texlive-upquote-doc
not-installed"texlive-uptex
not-installed"texlive-uptex-base
not-installed"texlive-uptex-base-doc
not-installed"texlive-uptex-bin
not-installed"texlive-uptex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-uptex-fonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-urcls
not-installed"texlive-urcls-doc
not-installed"texlive-uri
not-installed"texlive-uri-doc
not-installed"texlive-url
not-installed"texlive-url-doc
not-installed"texlive-urlbst
not-installed"texlive-urlbst-bin
not-installed"texlive-urlbst-doc
not-installed"texlive-urwchancal
not-installed"texlive-urwchancal-doc
not-installed"texlive-usebib
not-installed"texlive-usebib-doc
not-installed"texlive-ushort
not-installed"texlive-ushort-doc
not-installed"texlive-uspatent
not-installed"texlive-uspatent-doc
not-installed"texlive-ut-thesis
not-installed"texlive-ut-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-utf8mex
not-installed"texlive-utf8mex-doc
not-installed"texlive-utopia
not-installed"texlive-utopia-doc
not-installed"texlive-utopia-fonts
not-installed"texlive-uwmslide
not-installed"texlive-uwmslide-doc
not-installed"texlive-uwthesis
not-installed"texlive-uwthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-vak
not-installed"texlive-vak-doc
not-installed"texlive-vancouver
not-installed"texlive-vancouver-doc
not-installed"texlive-variations
not-installed"texlive-variations-doc
not-installed"texlive-varindex
not-installed"texlive-varindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-varisize
not-installed"texlive-varisize-doc
not-installed"texlive-varsfromjobname
not-installed"texlive-varsfromjobname-doc
not-installed"texlive-varwidth
not-installed"texlive-varwidth-doc
not-installed"texlive-vaucanson-g
not-installed"texlive-vaucanson-g-doc
not-installed"texlive-vdmlisting
not-installed"texlive-vdmlisting-doc
not-installed"texlive-velthuis
not-installed"texlive-velthuis-doc
not-installed"texlive-velthuis-fonts
not-installed"texlive-venn
not-installed"texlive-venn-doc
not-installed"texlive-venndiagram
not-installed"texlive-venndiagram-doc
not-installed"texlive-venturisadf
not-installed"texlive-venturisadf-doc
not-installed"texlive-venturisadf-fonts
not-installed"texlive-verbasef
not-installed"texlive-verbasef-doc
not-installed"texlive-verbatimbox
not-installed"texlive-verbatimbox-doc
not-installed"texlive-verbatimcopy
not-installed"texlive-verbatimcopy-doc
not-installed"texlive-verbdef
not-installed"texlive-verbdef-doc
not-installed"texlive-verbments
not-installed"texlive-verbments-doc
not-installed"texlive-verse
not-installed"texlive-verse-doc
not-installed"texlive-version
not-installed"texlive-version-doc
not-installed"texlive-versions
not-installed"texlive-versions-doc
not-installed"texlive-versonotes
not-installed"texlive-versonotes-doc
not-installed"texlive-vertbars
not-installed"texlive-vertbars-doc
not-installed"texlive-vgrid
not-installed"texlive-vgrid-doc
not-installed"texlive-vhistory
not-installed"texlive-vhistory-doc
not-installed"texlive-visualfaq
not-installed"texlive-visualpstricks
not-installed"texlive-visualtikz
not-installed"texlive-vlna
not-installed"texlive-vlna-bin
not-installed"texlive-vmargin
not-installed"texlive-vmargin-doc
not-installed"texlive-vntex
not-installed"texlive-vntex-doc
not-installed"texlive-vntex-fonts
not-installed"texlive-vocaltract
not-installed"texlive-vocaltract-doc
not-installed"texlive-volumes
not-installed"texlive-volumes-doc
not-installed"texlive-voss-mathcol
not-installed"texlive-voss-mathmode
not-installed"texlive-vpe
not-installed"texlive-vpe-bin
not-installed"texlive-vpe-doc
not-installed"texlive-vruler
not-installed"texlive-vruler-doc
not-installed"texlive-vwcol
not-installed"texlive-vwcol-doc
not-installed"texlive-wadalab
not-installed"texlive-wadalab-doc
not-installed"texlive-wadalab-fonts
not-installed"texlive-wallpaper
not-installed"texlive-wallpaper-doc
not-installed"texlive-warning
not-installed"texlive-warning-doc
not-installed"texlive-warpcol
not-installed"texlive-warpcol-doc
not-installed"texlive-was
not-installed"texlive-was-doc
not-installed"texlive-wasy
not-installed"texlive-wasy-doc
not-installed"texlive-wasy2-ps
not-installed"texlive-wasy2-ps-doc
not-installed"texlive-wasy2-ps-fonts
not-installed"texlive-wasysym
not-installed"texlive-wasysym-doc
not-installed"texlive-web
not-installed"texlive-web-bin
not-installed"texlive-webguide
not-installed"texlive-widetable
not-installed"texlive-widetable-doc
not-installed"texlive-williams
not-installed"texlive-williams-doc
not-installed"texlive-withargs
not-installed"texlive-withargs-doc
not-installed"texlive-wnri
not-installed"texlive-wnri-doc
not-installed"texlive-wnri-latex
not-installed"texlive-wnri-latex-doc
not-installed"texlive-wordlike
not-installed"texlive-wordlike-doc
not-installed"texlive-wrapfig
not-installed"texlive-wrapfig-doc
not-installed"texlive-wsemclassic
not-installed"texlive-wsemclassic-doc
not-installed"texlive-wsuipa
not-installed"texlive-wsuipa-doc
not-installed"texlive-xargs
not-installed"texlive-xargs-doc
not-installed"texlive-xassoccnt
not-installed"texlive-xassoccnt-doc
not-installed"texlive-xcharter
not-installed"texlive-xcharter-doc
not-installed"texlive-xcharter-fonts
not-installed"texlive-xcite
not-installed"texlive-xcite-doc
not-installed"texlive-xcjk2uni
not-installed"texlive-xcjk2uni-doc
not-installed"texlive-xcolor
not-installed"texlive-xcolor-doc
not-installed"texlive-xcolor-solarized
not-installed"texlive-xcolor-solarized-doc
not-installed"texlive-xcomment
not-installed"texlive-xcomment-doc
not-installed"texlive-xcookybooky
not-installed"texlive-xcookybooky-doc
not-installed"texlive-xdoc
not-installed"texlive-xdoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-xduthesis
not-installed"texlive-xduthesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-xdvi
not-installed"texlive-xdvi-bin
not-installed"texlive-xdvi-doc
not-installed"texlive-xebaposter
not-installed"texlive-xebaposter-doc
not-installed"texlive-xecjk
not-installed"texlive-xecjk-doc
not-installed"texlive-xecolor
not-installed"texlive-xecolor-doc
not-installed"texlive-xecyr
not-installed"texlive-xecyr-doc
not-installed"texlive-xeindex
not-installed"texlive-xeindex-doc
not-installed"texlive-xellipsis
not-installed"texlive-xellipsis-doc
not-installed"texlive-xepersian
not-installed"texlive-xepersian-doc
not-installed"texlive-xesearch
not-installed"texlive-xesearch-doc
not-installed"texlive-xespotcolor
not-installed"texlive-xespotcolor-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetex
not-installed"texlive-xetex-bin
not-installed"texlive-xetex-def
not-installed"texlive-xetex-def-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetex-devanagari
not-installed"texlive-xetex-devanagari-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetex-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetex-itrans
not-installed"texlive-xetex-itrans-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetex-pstricks
not-installed"texlive-xetex-pstricks-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetex-tibetan
not-installed"texlive-xetex-tibetan-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetexconfig
not-installed"texlive-xetexfontinfo
not-installed"texlive-xetexfontinfo-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetexko
not-installed"texlive-xetexko-doc
not-installed"texlive-xetexref
not-installed"texlive-xevlna
not-installed"texlive-xevlna-doc
not-installed"texlive-xfor
not-installed"texlive-xfor-doc
not-installed"texlive-xgreek
not-installed"texlive-xgreek-doc
not-installed"texlive-xhfill
not-installed"texlive-xhfill-doc
not-installed"texlive-xifthen
not-installed"texlive-xifthen-doc
not-installed"texlive-xii
not-installed"texlive-xint
not-installed"texlive-xint-doc
not-installed"texlive-xits
not-installed"texlive-xits-doc
not-installed"texlive-xits-fonts
not-installed"texlive-xkeyval
not-installed"texlive-xkeyval-doc
not-installed"texlive-xlop
not-installed"texlive-xlop-doc
not-installed"texlive-xltxtra
not-installed"texlive-xltxtra-doc
not-installed"texlive-xmltex
not-installed"texlive-xmltex-bin
not-installed"texlive-xmltex-doc
not-installed"texlive-xmltexconfig
not-installed"texlive-xmpincl
not-installed"texlive-xmpincl-doc
not-installed"texlive-xnewcommand
not-installed"texlive-xnewcommand-doc
not-installed"texlive-xoptarg
not-installed"texlive-xoptarg-doc
not-installed"texlive-xpatch
not-installed"texlive-xpatch-doc
not-installed"texlive-xpeek
not-installed"texlive-xpeek-doc
not-installed"texlive-xpiano
not-installed"texlive-xpiano-doc
not-installed"texlive-xpicture
not-installed"texlive-xpicture-doc
not-installed"texlive-xpinyin
not-installed"texlive-xpinyin-doc
not-installed"texlive-xprintlen
not-installed"texlive-xprintlen-doc
not-installed"texlive-xpunctuate
not-installed"texlive-xpunctuate-doc
not-installed"texlive-xq
not-installed"texlive-xq-doc
not-installed"texlive-xsavebox
not-installed"texlive-xsavebox-doc
not-installed"texlive-xskak
not-installed"texlive-xskak-doc
not-installed"texlive-xstring
not-installed"texlive-xstring-doc
not-installed"texlive-xtab
not-installed"texlive-xtab-doc
not-installed"texlive-xunicode
not-installed"texlive-xunicode-doc
not-installed"texlive-xwatermark
not-installed"texlive-xwatermark-doc
not-installed"texlive-xyling
not-installed"texlive-xyling-doc
not-installed"texlive-xymtex
not-installed"texlive-xymtex-doc
not-installed"texlive-xypic
not-installed"texlive-xypic-doc
not-installed"texlive-xypic-fonts
not-installed"texlive-xypic-tut-pt
not-installed"texlive-xytree
not-installed"texlive-xytree-doc
not-installed"texlive-yafoot
not-installed"texlive-yafoot-doc
not-installed"texlive-yagusylo
not-installed"texlive-yagusylo-doc
not-installed"texlive-yannisgr
not-installed"texlive-yannisgr-doc
not-installed"texlive-yathesis
not-installed"texlive-yathesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-yax
not-installed"texlive-yax-doc
not-installed"texlive-ycbook
not-installed"texlive-ycbook-doc
not-installed"texlive-ydoc
not-installed"texlive-ydoc-doc
not-installed"texlive-yfonts
not-installed"texlive-yfonts-doc
not-installed"texlive-yfonts-t1
not-installed"texlive-yfonts-t1-doc
not-installed"texlive-yfonts-t1-fonts
not-installed"texlive-yhmath
not-installed"texlive-yhmath-doc
not-installed"texlive-yhmath-fonts
not-installed"texlive-yinit-otf
not-installed"texlive-yinit-otf-doc
not-installed"texlive-yinit-otf-fonts
not-installed"texlive-york-thesis
not-installed"texlive-york-thesis-doc
not-installed"texlive-youngtab
not-installed"texlive-youngtab-doc
not-installed"texlive-yplan
not-installed"texlive-yplan-bin
not-installed"texlive-yplan-doc
not-installed"texlive-ytableau
not-installed"texlive-ytableau-doc
not-installed"texlive-zapfchan
not-installed"texlive-zapfchan-fonts
not-installed"texlive-zapfding
not-installed"texlive-zapfding-fonts
not-installed"texlive-zed-csp
not-installed"texlive-zed-csp-doc
not-installed"texlive-zhmetrics
not-installed"texlive-zhmetrics-doc
not-installed"texlive-zhmetrics-uptex
not-installed"texlive-zhmetrics-uptex-doc
not-installed"texlive-zhnumber
not-installed"texlive-zhnumber-doc
not-installed"texlive-zhspacing
not-installed"texlive-zhspacing-doc
not-installed"texlive-ziffer
not-installed"texlive-ziffer-doc
not-installed"texlive-zlmtt
not-installed"texlive-zlmtt-doc
not-installed"texlive-zwgetfdate
not-installed"texlive-zwgetfdate-doc
not-installed"texlive-zwpagelayout
not-installed"texlive-zwpagelayout-doc
not-installed"texlive-zxjafbfont
not-installed"texlive-zxjafbfont-doc
not-installed"texlive-zxjafont
not-installed"texlive-zxjafont-doc
not-installed"texlive-zxjatype
not-installed"texlive-zxjatype-doc
not-installed"texmaker
not-installed"texmath
not-installed"texstudio
not-installed"texworks
not-installed"texworks-plugin-lua
not-installed"texworks-plugin-python
not-installed"tftp
not-installed"tftp
not-installed"tftpboot-installation-openSUSE-Leap-42.3-x86_64
not-installed"tgt
not-installed"thai-fonts
not-installed"the_silver_searcher
not-installed"the_silver_searcher
not-installed"thermald
not-installed"thessalonica-oldstandard-otf-fonts
not-installed"thessalonica-oldstandard-ttf-fonts
not-installed"thessalonica-tempora-lgc-otf-fonts
not-installed"thessalonica-tempora-lgc-ttf-fonts
not-installed"thessalonica-theano-otf-fonts
not-installed"thessalonica-theano-ttf-fonts
not-installed"thin-provisioning-tools
not-installed"threadweaver-devel
not-installed"threadweaver-devel-32bit
not-installed"thrift
not-installed"thryomanes-fonts
not-installed"thttpd
not-installed"thunar
not-installed"thunar-devel
not-installed"thunar-lang
not-installed"thunar-plugin-archive
not-installed"thunar-plugin-archive-lang
not-installed"thunar-plugin-media-tags
not-installed"thunar-plugin-media-tags-lang
not-installed"thunar-plugin-shares
not-installed"thunar-plugin-shares-lang
not-installed"thunar-plugin-vcs
not-installed"thunar-plugin-vcs-lang
not-installed"thunar-sendto-blueman
not-installed"thunar-volman
not-installed"thunar-volman-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"thunar-volman-branding-upstream
not-installed"thunar-volman-lang
not-installed"thunderbird
not-installed"tibetan-machine-uni-fonts
not-installed"tidy
not-installed"tidy-doc
not-installed"tidyp
not-installed"tiff
not-installed"tiff
not-installed"tig
installed"tigervnc
not-installed"tigervnc
not-installed"tilda
not-installed"tilda-lang
not-installed"tilde
not-installed"tiled
installed"time
installed"timezone
not-installed"timezone
not-installed"timezone-java
not-installed"timezone-java
not-installed"timidity
not-installed"timidity
not-installed"tint2
not-installed"tint2-lang
not-installed"tintii
not-installed"tinyb-devel
not-installed"tinyca2
not-installed"tinygettext-devel
not-installed"tinyproxy
not-installed"tinyxml-devel
not-installed"tinyxml-docs
not-installed"tinyxml2
not-installed"tinyxml2-debugsource
not-installed"tinyxml2-devel
not-installed"tiobench
not-installed"tipcutils
not-installed"tix
installed"tk
not-installed"tk
not-installed"tk-32bit
not-installed"tk-devel
not-installed"tkdiff
not-installed"tkfont
not-installed"tkimg
not-installed"tkimg-devel
not-installed"tkinfo
not-installed"tkirc
not-installed"tkman
not-installed"tktable
not-installed"tkxcd
installed"tlp
installed"tlp-rdw
not-installed"tls
not-installed"tmate
not-installed"tmon
not-installed"tmpwatch
not-installed"tmux
not-installed"tmux-powerline
not-installed"tmxtools
not-installed"tn5250
not-installed"tn5250-devel
not-installed"tnef
not-installed"tnef
installed"tnftp
not-installed"tntdb-doc
not-installed"tntdb-mysql
not-installed"tntdb-postgresql
not-installed"tntdb-replicate
not-installed"tntdb-sqlite
not-installed"tntnet
not-installed"tntnet
not-installed"tntnet-debuginfo
not-installed"tntnet-debugsource
not-installed"tog-pegasus
not-installed"tog-pegasus-devel
not-installed"tog-pegasus-libs
not-installed"tog-pegasus-test
not-installed"togaII-131
not-installed"togaII-131
not-installed"togaII-131-debuginfo
not-installed"togaII-134
not-installed"togaII-134
not-installed"togaII-134-debuginfo
not-installed"togaII-141
not-installed"togaII-141
not-installed"togaII-142
not-installed"togaII-142
not-installed"togaII-142-debuginfo
not-installed"tokyocabinet
not-installed"tokyocabinet-cgi
not-installed"tokyocabinet-testsuite
not-installed"tolua
not-installed"tolua
not-installed"tolua-debuginfo
not-installed"tolua-debugsource
not-installed"toluapp-5.1
not-installed"tomahawk
not-installed"tomahawk-kde
not-installed"tomatoes
not-installed"tomcat
not-installed"tomcat
not-installed"tomcat-admin-webapps
not-installed"tomcat-docs-webapp
not-installed"tomcat-el-3_0-api
not-installed"tomcat-embed
not-installed"tomcat-javadoc
not-installed"tomcat-jsp-2_3-api
not-installed"tomcat-jsvc
not-installed"tomcat-lib
not-installed"tomcat-servlet-3_1-api
not-installed"tomcat-webapps
not-installed"tomoe
not-installed"tomoe-devel
not-installed"tomoe-doc
not-installed"tomoe-gtk
not-installed"tomoe-gtk-devel
not-installed"tomoe-gtk-doc
not-installed"tomoe-gtk-lang
not-installed"tomoyo-tools
not-installed"topal
not-installed"topal
not-installed"tor
not-installed"tor
not-installed"torbrowser-apparmor-profile
not-installed"torbrowser-launcher
not-installed"torbrowser-launcher
not-installed"torbrowser-launcher-lang
not-installed"torrentinfo
not-installed"torrentinfo
not-installed"torsocks
not-installed"totem
not-installed"totem-devel
not-installed"totem-lang
installed"totem-pl-parser
not-installed"totem-pl-parser-devel
installed"totem-pl-parser-lang
not-installed"totem-plugin-gnome-dvb-daemon
not-installed"totem-plugin-zeitgeist
not-installed"totem-plugins
not-installed"touchegg
not-installed"touchegg-gui
not-installed"tovid
not-installed"tovid
not-installed"tpm-tools
not-installed"tpm-tools-devel
not-installed"tpm-tools-pkcs11
not-installed"tpm2-0-tss
not-installed"tpm2-0-tss-devel
not-installed"tpm2.0-tools
not-installed"trace-cmd
installed"traceroute
not-installed"tracker
not-installed"tracker-devel
not-installed"tracker-gui
not-installed"tracker-lang
not-installed"tracker-miner-files
not-installed"tracker-miner-rss
not-installed"trader
not-installed"trader-lang
not-installed"tragtor
not-installed"tragtor
not-installed"trang
not-installed"transactional-update
installed"transcode
not-installed"transcode
not-installed"transcode-debuginfo
not-installed"transcode-debugsource
not-installed"transconnect
not-installed"transfig
not-installed"transfig
not-installed"transifex-client
not-installed"translate-shell
not-installed"translate-toolkit
not-installed"translate-toolkit
not-installed"translate-toolkit-devel-doc
installed"translation-update
not-installed"translation-update-ar
not-installed"translation-update-as
not-installed"translation-update-ast
not-installed"translation-update-be
not-installed"translation-update-be-latin
not-installed"translation-update-bg
not-installed"translation-update-bn
not-installed"translation-update-bn_IN
not-installed"translation-update-ca
not-installed"translation-update-ca-valencia
not-installed"translation-update-cs
not-installed"translation-update-da
not-installed"translation-update-de
not-installed"translation-update-dz
not-installed"translation-update-el
installed"translation-update-en
not-installed"translation-update-en-shaw
not-installed"translation-update-en_CA
not-installed"translation-update-en_GB
installed"translation-update-en_US
not-installed"translation-update-eo
not-installed"translation-update-es
not-installed"translation-update-et
not-installed"translation-update-eu
not-installed"translation-update-fa
not-installed"translation-update-fi
not-installed"translation-update-fr
not-installed"translation-update-ga
not-installed"translation-update-gl
not-installed"translation-update-gu
not-installed"translation-update-he
not-installed"translation-update-hi
not-installed"translation-update-hr
not-installed"translation-update-hu
not-installed"translation-update-ia
not-installed"translation-update-id
not-installed"translation-update-is
not-installed"translation-update-it
not-installed"translation-update-ja
not-installed"translation-update-kk
not-installed"translation-update-km
not-installed"translation-update-kn
not-installed"translation-update-ko
not-installed"translation-update-lt
not-installed"translation-update-lv
not-installed"translation-update-mai
not-installed"translation-update-mk
not-installed"translation-update-ml
not-installed"translation-update-mr
not-installed"translation-update-nb
not-installed"translation-update-nb_NO
not-installed"translation-update-nds
not-installed"translation-update-ne
not-installed"translation-update-nl
not-installed"translation-update-nn
not-installed"translation-update-or
not-installed"translation-update-pa
not-installed"translation-update-pl
not-installed"translation-update-pt
not-installed"translation-update-pt_BR
not-installed"translation-update-pt_PT
not-installed"translation-update-ro
not-installed"translation-update-ru
not-installed"translation-update-sk
not-installed"translation-update-sl
not-installed"translation-update-sq
not-installed"translation-update-sr
not-installed"translation-update-sr-ije
not-installed"translation-update-sr-latin
not-installed"translation-update-sv
not-installed"translation-update-ta
not-installed"translation-update-te
not-installed"translation-update-th
not-installed"translation-update-tr
not-installed"translation-update-ug
not-installed"translation-update-uk
not-installed"translation-update-upstream
not-installed"translation-update-vi
not-installed"translation-update-wa
not-installed"translation-update-zh_CN
not-installed"translation-update-zh_HK
not-installed"translation-update-zh_TW
not-installed"transmageddon
not-installed"transmageddon-lang
not-installed"transmission
not-installed"transmission-common
not-installed"transmission-daemon
not-installed"transmission-gtk
not-installed"transmission-gtk-lang
not-installed"transmission-qt
not-installed"transmission-qt-lang
not-installed"transset
not-installed"trapproto-devel
not-installed"tre
not-installed"tre
not-installed"tre-devel
not-installed"tre-lang
not-installed"tree
not-installed"treeline
not-installed"trigger-rally
not-installed"trinity
not-installed"tripwire
not-installed"trojita
not-installed"trousers
not-installed"trousers-devel
not-installed"trustedgrub
not-installed"trustedgrub2
not-installed"trustedgrub2-i386-pc
not-installed"tryton
not-installed"tryton
not-installed"trytond
not-installed"trytond
not-installed"trytond_account
not-installed"trytond_account
not-installed"trytond_account_invoice
not-installed"trytond_account_invoice_stock
not-installed"trytond_account_product
not-installed"trytond_calendar
not-installed"trytond_company
not-installed"trytond_company
not-installed"trytond_country
not-installed"trytond_currency
not-installed"trytond_currency
not-installed"trytond_party
not-installed"trytond_product
not-installed"trytond_product
not-installed"trytond_purchase
not-installed"trytond_purchase
not-installed"trytond_purchase_request
not-installed"trytond_purchase_request
not-installed"trytond_stock
not-installed"trytond_stock
not-installed"trytond_stock_lot
not-installed"trytond_stock_supply
not-installed"tse3
not-installed"tse3-devel
not-installed"tslib
not-installed"tslib-devel
not-installed"tslib-devel-32bit
not-installed"tslib-plugins
not-installed"tsung
not-installed"ttaenc
not-installed"ttaenc
not-installed"ttaenc-debuginfo
not-installed"ttf2pt1
not-installed"tuladha-jejeg-fonts
not-installed"tumbler
not-installed"tumbler
not-installed"tumbler-devel
not-installed"tumbler-doc
not-installed"tumbler-lang
not-installed"tunapie
not-installed"tunapie
not-installed"tunctl
installed"tuned
not-installed"tuned-gtk
not-installed"tuned-profiles-atomic
not-installed"tuned-profiles-sap
not-installed"tuned-profiles-sap-hana
installed"tuned-utils
not-installed"tuned-utils-systemtap
not-installed"tupi
not-installed"tupi
not-installed"tupi-debuginfo
not-installed"tupi-debugsource
not-installed"tupi-plugins
not-installed"tupi-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"turing
not-installed"turing
not-installed"turing-devel
not-installed"turnpike
not-installed"turpial
not-installed"tuxcursors
not-installed"tuxpaint
not-installed"tuxpaint-config
not-installed"tuxpaint-config-lang
not-installed"tuxpaint-devel
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-animals
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-clothes
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-food
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-hobbies
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-household
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-medical
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-military
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-naturalforces
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-people
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-plants
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-seasonal
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-space
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-sports
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-symbols
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-town
not-installed"tuxpaint-stamps-vehicles
not-installed"tv-common
not-installed"tv-fonts
not-installed"tvbrowser
not-installed"tvflash
not-installed"tvheadend
not-installed"tvnamer
not-installed"tvnamer
not-installed"tvtime
not-installed"twemoji-color-font
not-installed"twilio-utils
not-installed"twinkle
not-installed"twm
not-installed"twolame
not-installed"twolame
not-installed"twolame-debuginfo
not-installed"twolame-debugsource
not-installed"txt2man
not-installed"txt2tags
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Accounts-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AccountsService-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Anjuta-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AppIndicator-0_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AppIndicator3-0_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AppStream-1.0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AppStreamBuilder-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AppStreamGlib-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Atk-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AtrilDocument-1_5_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-AtrilView-1_5_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Atspi-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Avahi-0_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Bamf-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-BraseroBurn-3_2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-BraseroMedia-3_2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-BuzztraxCore-1_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-BuzztraxIc-1_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-CMenu-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Caja-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Caribou-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Champlain-0_12
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Cheese-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-CinnamonDesktop-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-CjsPrivate-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Clutter-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-ClutterGst-2_0
installed"typelib-1_0-ClutterGst-3_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Cogl-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Cogl-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-CoglGst-2_0
installed"typelib-1_0-CoglPango-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-CoglPango-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-ColorHug-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Colord-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-ColordGtk-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-CryptUI-0_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Cvc-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Dbusmenu-0_4
not-installed"typelib-1_0-DbusmenuGtk-0_4
not-installed"typelib-1_0-DbusmenuGtk3-0_4
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Dee-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-EBook-1_2
not-installed"typelib-1_0-EBookContacts-1_2
not-installed"typelib-1_0-EDataServer-1_2
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Eek-0_90
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Eom-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-EvinceDocument-3_0
installed"typelib-1_0-EvinceView-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Farstream-0_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Farstream-0_2
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Fcitx-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Flatpak-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Folks-0_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-FolksEds-0_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-FolksTelepathy-0_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-FolksTracker-0_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GData-0_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GES-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GExiv2-0_10
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GFBGraph-0_2
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GMenu-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GMime-2_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GOffice-0_10
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GPaste-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GSSDP-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GSound-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GSystem-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GTop-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GUPnP-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GUPnPAV-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GUPnPDLNA-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GUPnPDLNAGst-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GUPnPIgd-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GUdev-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GUsb-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GVnc-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GVncPulse-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GWeather-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GXPS-0_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gck-1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gcr-3
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GcrUi-3
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gda-5_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gdaui-5_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GdkPixbuf-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gdl-3
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gdm-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gee-0_8
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gee-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Geoclue-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GeocodeGlib-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Ggit-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gitg-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GitgExt-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GjsPrivate-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gladeui-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GnomeAutoar-0_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GnomeAutoarGtk-0_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GnomeBluetooth-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GnomeDesktop-3_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GnomeKeyring-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GoVirt-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Goa-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gom-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GooCanvas-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Granite-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Grl-0_3
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GrlNet-0_3
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GrlPls-0_3
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Grss-0_7
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gsf-1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gspell-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gst-0_10
installed"typelib-1_0-Gst-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstAllocators-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstApp-0_10
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstApp-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GstAudio-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstFft-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstInterfaces-0_10
installed"typelib-1_0-GstPbutils-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstRtp-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstRtsp-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstRtspServer-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstSdp-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GstTag-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstTranscoder-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GstValidate-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GstVideo-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gtd-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Gtk-2_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Gtk-3_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GtkClutter-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-GtkSource-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GtkSpell-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GtkVnc-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-GtkVnc-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Gucharmap-2_90
installed"typelib-1_0-IBus-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Ido3-0_1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-3_0
installed"typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-4_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Json-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Keybinder-0_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Keybinder-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Libmsi-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Libosinfo-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-LibvirtGConfig-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-LibvirtGLib-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-LibvirtGObject-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-LibvirtSandbox-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-LightDM-1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-MateDesktop-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-MateMenu-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-MatePanelApplet-4_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Matekbd-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-MediaArt-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-MediaArt-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Memphis-0_2
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Meta-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-MetaMuffin-0_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-ModemManager-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-NM-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-NMClient-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-NMGtk-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Nautilus-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Nemo-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-NetworkManager-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Notify-0_7
not-installed"typelib-1_0-OSTree-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-OsmGpsMap-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-PackageKitGlib-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Pango-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Peas-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-PeasGtk-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Pluma-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Polari-1_0
installed"typelib-1_0-Polkit-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-PolkitGtkMate-1.0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Poppler-0_18
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Rest-0_7
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Rsvg-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-RygelCore-2_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-RygelRenderer-2_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-RygelRendererGst-2_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-RygelServer-2_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Secret-1
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Signon-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Skk-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-SocialWebClient-0_25
installed"typelib-1_0-Soup-2_4
not-installed"typelib-1_0-SpiceClientGlib-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-SpiceClientGtk-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-TelepathyFarstream-0_6
not-installed"typelib-1_0-TelepathyGlib-0_12
not-installed"typelib-1_0-TelepathyLogger-0_2
not-installed"typelib-1_0-TotemPlParser-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Tracker-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-TrackerControl-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-TrackerMiner-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-UDisks-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Uhm-0_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Unique-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Unique-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-UpowerGlib-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Urfkill-0_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Vips-8_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Vte-2.91
not-installed"typelib-1_0-WebKit-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-WebKit-3_0
installed"typelib-1_0-WebKit2-4_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-WebKit2WebExtension-4_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Wnck-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Wnck-3_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-XApp-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-XdgApp-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Xkl-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-XplayerPlParser-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-XreaderDocument-1_5_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-XreaderView-1_5_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Zeitgeist-2_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-Zpj-0_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-gSignon-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-gSignond-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-kkc-1_0
not-installed"typelib-1_0-libmirage-3_0
not-installed"tzdb
not-installed"u-boot-tools
not-installed"u2f-host
not-installed"u2f-server
not-installed"u3-tool
not-installed"uClibc
not-installed"uClibc-devel
not-installed"uae
not-installed"uae
not-installed"uae-debuginfo
not-installed"uae-debugsource
not-installed"ubuntu-fonts
not-installed"ubuntu-mate-icon-theme
not-installed"ubuntu-mate-wallpapers
not-installed"ubuntu-mono-icon-theme
not-installed"uchardet
not-installed"uchardet
not-installed"uchardet-debuginfo
not-installed"uchardet-debugsource
not-installed"ucm
installed"ucode-amd
installed"ucode-intel
not-installed"ucode-intel
not-installed"ucode-intel-blob
not-installed"ucommon
not-installed"ucommon-devel
not-installed"ucpp
not-installed"ucpp-devel
not-installed"udav
installed"udev
not-installed"udev-browse
installed"udev-configure-printer
not-installed"udev-mini
not-installed"udev-persistent-ifnames
not-installed"udftools
not-installed"udhcp
installed"udisks2
not-installed"udisks2-devel
installed"udisks2-lang
not-installed"udt
not-installed"udt-debugsource
not-installed"udt-devel
not-installed"udt-doc
not-installed"ufiformat
not-installed"ufraw
not-installed"ufraw-lang
not-installed"ufw
not-installed"ufw-lang
not-installed"uget
not-installed"uget-lang
not-installed"uhd-devel
not-installed"uhd-doc
not-installed"uhd-firmware
not-installed"uhd-udev
not-installed"uhttpmock-devel
not-installed"uid_wrapper
not-installed"uisp
not-installed"ullae-veliyae
not-installed"ulogd
not-installed"ulogd-mysql
not-installed"ulogd-pcap
not-installed"ulogd-pgsql
not-installed"ulogd-sqlite3
not-installed"umbrello
not-installed"uml-utilities
not-installed"umoci
not-installed"un-fonts
not-installed"unar
not-installed"unbound
not-installed"unbound-anchor
not-installed"unbound-devel
not-installed"unbound-munin
not-installed"unbound-python
not-installed"unclutter
not-installed"uncrustify
installed"unetbootin
not-installed"unibilium-devel
not-installed"unicode-ucd
not-installed"unicode-ucd-unihan
not-installed"unifdef
not-installed"unifraktur-fonts
not-installed"unionfs-fuse
not-installed"uniraum
not-installed"uniraum
not-installed"uniraum-debuginfo
not-installed"uniraum-debugsource
not-installed"uniraum-devel
not-installed"unison
not-installed"units
not-installed"unittest-cpp
not-installed"unittest-cpp-devel
not-installed"unity-gtk-module-common
not-installed"unity-gtk2-module
not-installed"unity-gtk3-module
installed"unixODBC
not-installed"unixODBC
not-installed"unixODBC-32bit
not-installed"unixODBC-devel
not-installed"unixbench
not-installed"unmass
installed"unoconv
not-installed"unpaper
installed"unrar
not-installed"unsermake
not-installed"unshield
installed"unzip
installed"unzip-doc
not-installed"unzip-rcc
not-installed"unzix
installed"update-alternatives
not-installed"update-bootloader-rpm-macros
installed"update-desktop-files
not-installed"update-test-32bit-pkg
not-installed"update-test-32bit-pkg-32bit
not-installed"update-test-affects-package-manager
not-installed"update-test-feature
not-installed"update-test-interactive
not-installed"update-test-optional
not-installed"update-test-reboot-needed
not-installed"update-test-relogin-suggested
not-installed"update-test-security
not-installed"update-test-trivial
not-installed"update_test
not-installed"uperf
not-installed"upnp-inspector
installed"upower
installed"upower-lang
not-installed"upx
not-installed"upx
not-installed"urbanlightscape
not-installed"urcu-docs
not-installed"urfkill
not-installed"uriparse
not-installed"urlscan
not-installed"urlview
not-installed"urlwatch
not-installed"urxvt-font-size
not-installed"urxvt-perls
not-installed"us428control
installed"usb_modeswitch
installed"usb_modeswitch-data
not-installed"usbip
not-installed"usbip-devel
not-installed"usbmuxd
not-installed"usbprog
not-installed"usbprog-devel
not-installed"usbprog-gui
not-installed"usbredir
not-installed"usbredir-devel
installed"usbutils
not-installed"usbview
not-installed"ushare
not-installed"usnic_tools
not-installed"usx2yloader
not-installed"utempter-devel
not-installed"utempter-devel-32bit
not-installed"utf8proc-devel
not-installed"utfcpp-devel
not-installed"uthash
installed"util-linux
not-installed"util-linux
installed"util-linux-lang
installed"util-linux-systemd
not-installed"util-linux-systemd
not-installed"util-macros-devel
not-installed"utils-libnfs
not-installed"utils-libnfs-debuginfo
not-installed"uucp
not-installed"uucp-xinetd
not-installed"uudeview
not-installed"uuid-devel
not-installed"uuidd
not-installed"uvcdynctrl
not-installed"uwsgi
not-installed"uwsgi-emperor_pg
not-installed"uwsgi-emperor_zeromq
not-installed"uwsgi-geoip
not-installed"uwsgi-gevent
not-installed"uwsgi-glusterfs
not-installed"uwsgi-greenlet
not-installed"uwsgi-jvm
not-installed"uwsgi-ldap
not-installed"uwsgi-libffi
not-installed"uwsgi-logzmq
not-installed"uwsgi-lua
not-installed"uwsgi-pam
not-installed"uwsgi-psgi
not-installed"uwsgi-pypy
not-installed"uwsgi-python
not-installed"uwsgi-python3
not-installed"uwsgi-sqlite3
not-installed"uwsgi-xslt
not-installed"v4l-conf
not-installed"v4l-tools
not-installed"v4l-utils
not-installed"v4l-utils-devel-tools
not-installed"v4l-utils-lang
not-installed"v8
not-installed"v8-devel
not-installed"v8-private-headers-devel
installed"vaapi-dummy-driver
not-installed"vaapi-intel-driver
not-installed"vaapi-intel-driver-32bit
not-installed"vaapi-tools
not-installed"vaapi-wayland-tools
not-installed"vacation
not-installed"vacuum-im
not-installed"vacuum-im-devel
not-installed"vacuum-im-lang
not-installed"vacuum-im-plugins-dbusnotifications
not-installed"vacuum-im-plugins-gmailnotify
not-installed"vacuum-im-plugins-kinotifications
not-installed"vacuum-im-plugins-spellchecker
not-installed"vacuum-im-plugins-usermood
not-installed"vacuum-im-plugins-usertune
not-installed"vala
not-installed"vala-panel
not-installed"vala-panel-appmenu-lang
not-installed"vala-panel-devel
not-installed"vala-panel-extras-battery
not-installed"vala-panel-extras-gtop
not-installed"vala-panel-extras-lang
not-installed"vala-panel-extras-volume
not-installed"vala-panel-extras-weather
not-installed"vala-panel-extras-xkb
not-installed"vala-panel-extras-xkb-flags
not-installed"vala-panel-lang
not-installed"vala-panel-plugin-appmenu
not-installed"vala-panel-plugin-sntray
not-installed"vala-panel-plugin-sntray-lang
not-installed"vala-panel-plugins-base
not-installed"vala-panel-plugins-wnck
not-installed"valgrind
not-installed"valgrind-devel
not-installed"vamp-aubio-plugins
not-installed"vamp-aubio-plugins
not-installed"vamp-aubio-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"vamp-libxtract-plugins
not-installed"vamp-libxtract-plugins
not-installed"vamp-libxtract-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"vamp-match-plugin
not-installed"vamp-match-plugin
not-installed"vamp-match-plugin-debuginfo
not-installed"vamp-match-plugin-debugsource
not-installed"vamp-mazurka-plugins
not-installed"vamp-mazurka-plugins
not-installed"vamp-mazurka-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"vamp-mazurka-plugins-debugsource
not-installed"vamp-plugin-sdk
not-installed"vamp-plugin-sdk-devel
not-installed"vamp-plugin-tester
not-installed"vamp-plugin-tester
not-installed"vamp-plugin-tester-debuginfo
not-installed"vamp-plugin-tester-debugsource
not-installed"vamp-qm-plugins
not-installed"vamp-qm-plugins
not-installed"vamp-qm-plugins-debuginfo
not-installed"vamps
not-installed"vamps
not-installed"variety
not-installed"varnish
not-installed"varnish-devel
not-installed"vbrfix
not-installed"vbrfix
not-installed"vbrfix-debuginfo
not-installed"vbrfix-debugsource
installed"vcdimager
not-installed"vcdimager-devel
not-installed"vclt-tools
not-installed"vclt-tools
not-installed"vcron
not-installed"vcsh
not-installed"vcsh-zsh-completion
not-installed"vde2
not-installed"vde2-cryptcab
not-installed"vde2-slirp
not-installed"vdr
not-installed"vdr-devel
not-installed"vdr-devel-doc
not-installed"vdr-lang
not-installed"vdr-plugin-epgsearch
not-installed"vdr-plugin-femon
not-installed"vdr-plugin-mcli
not-installed"vdr-plugin-mcli
not-installed"vdr-plugin-mcli-debuginfo
not-installed"vdr-plugin-mcli-debugsource
not-installed"vdr-plugin-remote
not-installed"vdr-plugin-satip
not-installed"vdr-plugin-streamdev-client
not-installed"vdr-plugin-streamdev-server
not-installed"vdr-plugin-xineliboutput
not-installed"vdr-xineliboutput-client
not-installed"vegastrike
not-installed"vegastrike-data
not-installed"vegastrike-extra
not-installed"vegastrike-music
not-installed"vegastrike-speech
not-installed"verilator
not-installed"verilator-doc
not-installed"verilator-doc-pdf
not-installed"verilator-examples
not-installed"veusz
not-installed"vhba-kmp
not-installed"vhba-kmp-default
not-installed"vhostmd
installed"viber
not-installed"vid_stab
not-installed"vid_stab-debugsource
not-installed"vidcutter
not-installed"vidcutter
not-installed"videoporama
not-installed"videoporama
not-installed"videoproto-devel
not-installed"viewnior
not-installed"viewnior-lang
not-installed"viewres
not-installed"viewvc
not-installed"vifm
not-installed"vifm-colors
not-installed"vigra-devel
installed"vim
installed"vim-data
not-installed"vim-plugin-NERDcommenter
not-installed"vim-plugin-NERDtree
not-installed"vim-plugin-a
not-installed"vim-plugin-ack
not-installed"vim-plugin-align
not-installed"vim-plugin-bufexplorer
not-installed"vim-plugin-calendar
not-installed"vim-plugin-colorschemes
not-installed"vim-plugin-colorsel
not-installed"vim-plugin-conky
not-installed"vim-plugin-devhelp
not-installed"vim-plugin-diffchanges
not-installed"vim-plugin-editorconfig
not-installed"vim-plugin-fugitive
not-installed"vim-plugin-gitdiff
not-installed"vim-plugin-gnupg
not-installed"vim-plugin-latex
not-installed"vim-plugin-locateopen
not-installed"vim-plugin-matrix
not-installed"vim-plugin-minibufexpl
not-installed"vim-plugin-multiplesearch
not-installed"vim-plugin-nginx
not-installed"vim-plugin-powerline
not-installed"vim-plugin-project
not-installed"vim-plugin-quilt
not-installed"vim-plugin-rails
not-installed"vim-plugin-searchcomplete
not-installed"vim-plugin-showmarks
not-installed"vim-plugin-snipmate
not-installed"vim-plugin-supertab
not-installed"vim-plugin-taglist
not-installed"vim-plugin-tlib
not-installed"vim-plugin-tregisters
not-installed"vim-plugin-tselectbuffer
not-installed"vim-plugin-tselectfiles
not-installed"vim-plugin-utl
not-installed"vim-plugin-vimwiki
not-installed"vim-plugin-zoomwin
not-installed"vimpc
not-installed"vimpc
not-installed"vimpc-debuginfo
not-installed"vimpc-debugsource
not-installed"vinagre
not-installed"vinagre-lang
not-installed"vino
not-installed"vino-lang
not-installed"vips-doc
not-installed"vips-tools
not-installed"virglrenderer-devel
not-installed"virglrenderer-test-server
not-installed"virt-install
not-installed"virt-manager
not-installed"virt-manager
not-installed"virt-manager-common
not-installed"virt-p2v
not-installed"virt-sandbox
not-installed"virt-top
not-installed"virt-v2v
not-installed"virt-viewer
not-installed"virt-what
not-installed"virtaal
not-installed"virtaal-lang
not-installed"virtualbox
not-installed"virtualbox
not-installed"virtualbox-devel
not-installed"virtualbox-guest-desktop-icons
not-installed"virtualbox-guest-kmp-default
not-installed"virtualbox-guest-source
not-installed"virtualbox-guest-tools
not-installed"virtualbox-guest-x11
not-installed"virtualbox-host-kmp-default
not-installed"virtualbox-host-source
not-installed"virtualbox-qt
not-installed"virtualbox-vnc
not-installed"virtualbox-websrv
not-installed"virtuoso-drivers
not-installed"virtuoso-server
not-installed"visualjackm
not-installed"visualjackm
not-installed"visualjackm-debuginfo
not-installed"visualjackm-debugsource
not-installed"vivaldi
not-installed"vivaldi
not-installed"vivaldi-debuginfo
not-installed"vkeybd
installed"vlan
installed"vlc
not-installed"vlc
not-installed"vlc-beta
not-installed"vlc-beta
not-installed"vlc-beta-codecs
not-installed"vlc-beta-codecs-debuginfo
not-installed"vlc-beta-debuginfo
not-installed"vlc-beta-debugsource
not-installed"vlc-beta-devel
not-installed"vlc-beta-noX
not-installed"vlc-beta-noX-debuginfo
not-installed"vlc-beta-noX-lang
not-installed"vlc-beta-qt
not-installed"vlc-beta-qt-debuginfo
installed"vlc-codec-gstreamer
installed"vlc-codecs
not-installed"vlc-codecs-debuginfo
not-installed"vlc-debuginfo
not-installed"vlc-debugsource
not-installed"vlc-devel
not-installed"vlc-gnome
not-installed"vlc-gnome-debuginfo
installed"vlc-lang
installed"vlc-noX
not-installed"vlc-noX-debuginfo
not-installed"vlc-noX-lang
installed"vlc-qt
not-installed"vlc-qt-debuginfo
not-installed"vlgothic-fonts
not-installed"vlmc
not-installed"vlmc
not-installed"vlmc-debuginfo
not-installed"vlmc-debugsource
not-installed"vlock
not-installed"vm-dump-metrics
not-installed"vm-dump-metrics-devel
not-installed"vm-install
not-installed"vm-install
not-installed"vmmlib
not-installed"vmmlib-devel
not-installed"vmmlib-doc
not-installed"vms-empire
not-installed"vncmanager
not-installed"vncmanager
not-installed"vncmanager-controller
not-installed"vncmanager-controller-gnome
not-installed"vncmanager-greeter
not-installed"vnstat
not-installed"vnstat-cgi
not-installed"vo-aacenc
not-installed"vo-aacenc-debugsource
not-installed"vo-amrwbenc
not-installed"vo-amrwbenc-debugsource
not-installed"vobcopy
not-installed"vobcopy
not-installed"vobcopy-debuginfo
not-installed"vobcopy-debugsource
not-installed"vodovod
not-installed"voikkospell
not-installed"voip
not-installed"vokoscreen
not-installed"vokoscreen
not-installed"vokoscreen-debuginfo
not-installed"vokoscreen-debugsource
not-installed"vollkorn-fonts
not-installed"volti
not-installed"volti
installed"vorbis-tools
installed"vorbis-tools-lang
not-installed"vorbisgain
not-installed"votca-tools-devel
not-installed"voxelands
not-installed"vpcs
installed"vpnc
not-installed"vpx-tools
not-installed"vsftpd
not-installed"vsftpd
not-installed"vsqlite++-devel
not-installed"vsqlite++-doc
not-installed"vtcl
not-installed"vte-devel
not-installed"vte-lang
not-installed"vte-tools
not-installed"vte016-sharp
not-installed"vte2-devel
not-installed"vte2-lang
not-installed"vte2-tools
not-installed"vtk
not-installed"vtk-devel
not-installed"vtk-examples
not-installed"vtk-java
not-installed"vtk-qt
not-installed"vtk-tcl
not-installed"vtkdata
not-installed"vulkan
not-installed"vulkan-devel
not-installed"vusb-analyzer
not-installed"vusb-analyzer
not-installed"vym
not-installed"w3c-markup-validator
not-installed"w3c-markup-validator-libs
installed"w3m
installed"w3m-inline-image
not-installed"w3mir
not-installed"w_scan
not-installed"wadptr
not-installed"waf
not-installed"waffle
not-installed"waffle-devel
installed"wallpaper-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"wallstreet
not-installed"waltham-devel
not-installed"wammu
not-installed"wammu-lang
not-installed"wang-fonts
not-installed"warzone2100
not-installed"warzone2100-data
not-installed"watchman
not-installed"watchman-python
not-installed"wavemon
not-installed"wavpack
not-installed"wavpack
not-installed"wavpack-devel
not-installed"wayland-devel
not-installed"wayland-devel-32bit
not-installed"wbxml2-tools
not-installed"wcd
not-installed"wcslib-devel
not-installed"wcslib-doc
not-installed"wcslib-tools
not-installed"wdfs
not-installed"wdiff
not-installed"wdiff-lang
not-installed"weather-wallpaper
not-installed"weather-wallpaper-lang
not-installed"webalizer
not-installed"webalizer-flags
not-installed"webdot
not-installed"webenginepart
not-installed"webkit-jsc-1
not-installed"webkit-jsc-3
not-installed"webkit-jsc-4
not-installed"webkit-sharp
installed"webkit2gtk-4_0-injected-bundles
not-installed"webkit2gtk3
not-installed"webkit2gtk3-devel
not-installed"webkit2gtk3-plugin-process-gtk2
not-installed"webkitgtk-sharp
not-installed"webkitgtk-sharp-devel
not-installed"webrtc-audio-processing
not-installed"webrtc-audio-processing-debugsource
not-installed"websocketpp-devel
not-installed"weechat
not-installed"weechat
not-installed"weechat-aspell
not-installed"weechat-devel
not-installed"weechat-guile
not-installed"weechat-lang
not-installed"weechat-lua
not-installed"weechat-perl
not-installed"weechat-python
not-installed"weechat-ruby
not-installed"weechat-tcl
not-installed"werken-xpath
not-installed"werken-xpath-javadoc
not-installed"wesnoth
not-installed"wesnoth-campaign-server
not-installed"wesnoth-data
not-installed"wesnoth-fslayout
not-installed"wesnoth-server
not-installed"wesnoth-tools
not-installed"weston
not-installed"weston-devel
installed"wget
not-installed"wget
not-installed"wgetpaste
not-installed"when-command
not-installed"when-command-lang
not-installed"whfc
installed"which
not-installed"whohas
not-installed"whois
installed"wicked
not-installed"wicked
installed"wicked-service
not-installed"wiggle
not-installed"wiiuse-devel
installed"wine
installed"wine-32bit
not-installed"wine-devel
not-installed"wine-devel-32bit
installed"wine-gecko
not-installed"wine-gecko
not-installed"wine-mp3
installed"wine-mp3-32bit
not-installed"wine-mp3-debuginfo-32bit
not-installed"wineasio
not-installed"wineasio
not-installed"wineasio-debuginfo
not-installed"wineasio-debugsource
not-installed"winff
not-installed"winff
not-installed"winff-debuginfo
not-installed"winff-debugsource
not-installed"winff-lang
not-installed"winrs
not-installed"wipe
installed"wireless-regdb
not-installed"wireless-regdb
installed"wireless-tools
not-installed"wireshark
not-installed"wireshark
not-installed"wireshark-devel
not-installed"wireshark-ui-gtk
not-installed"wireshark-ui-qt
not-installed"withlock
not-installed"wizznic
not-installed"wlc-devel
not-installed"wm-icons
not-installed"wmakerconf
not-installed"wmctrl
not-installed"wmgui
not-installed"wminput
not-installed"wmpomme
not-installed"wnck-sharp
not-installed"wodim
installed"wol
not-installed"wondershaper
not-installed"woof
not-installed"woof
not-installed"wordcut
not-installed"wordcut-devel
not-installed"wordnet
not-installed"wordnet-devel
installed"words
not-installed"words-british
not-installed"words-canadian
installed"wpa_supplicant
not-installed"wpa_supplicant
not-installed"wpa_supplicant-gui
not-installed"wput
not-installed"wput
not-installed"wput-debuginfo
not-installed"wput-debugsource
not-installed"wput-lang
not-installed"wqy-bitmap-fonts
not-installed"wqy-microhei-fonts
not-installed"wqy-zenhei-fonts
not-installed"writerperfect
not-installed"wrk
not-installed"ws-jaxme
not-installed"ws-jaxme-javadoc
not-installed"ws-jaxme-manual
not-installed"wsdl4j
not-installed"wsdl4j-javadoc
not-installed"wslay
not-installed"wslay-devel
not-installed"wsmancli
not-installed"wt
not-installed"wt-dbo
not-installed"wt-devel
not-installed"wt-doc
not-installed"wumpus
not-installed"wv
not-installed"wv-devel
not-installed"wv2-devel
not-installed"wvdial
not-installed"wvstreams
not-installed"wvstreams-devel
not-installed"wwwoffle
not-installed"wxMaxima
not-installed"wxMaxima
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-devel
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-devel-32bit
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-nostl
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-debugsource
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-devel
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-devel-debuginfo
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-plugin-sound_sdlu-3_0
not-installed"wxWidgets-3_0-plugin-sound_sdlu-3_0-32bit
not-installed"wxWidgets-ansi-compat-lib-config
not-installed"wxWidgets-ansi-devel
not-installed"wxWidgets-ansi-plugin-sound_sdl-2_8-wxcontainer
not-installed"wxWidgets-compat-lib-config
not-installed"wxWidgets-devel
not-installed"wxWidgets-docs
not-installed"wxWidgets-fedora-compat-lib-config
not-installed"wxWidgets-lang
not-installed"wxWidgets-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-stl
not-installed"wxWidgets-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-stl-32bit
not-installed"wxWidgets-wxcontainer-compat-lib-config
not-installed"wxWidgets-wxcontainer-devel
not-installed"wxWidgets-wxcontainer-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-wxcontainer
not-installed"wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-compat-lib-config
not-installed"wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-devel
not-installed"wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-wxcontainer24c
not-installed"wxcam
not-installed"wxcam
not-installed"wxcam-debuginfo
not-installed"wxcam-debugsource
not-installed"wxhexeditor
not-installed"wxhexeditor-lang
not-installed"wxlua
not-installed"wxlua-devel
not-installed"wxsqlite3
not-installed"wxsqlite3-debugsource
not-installed"wxsqlite3-devel
not-installed"wxstedit
not-installed"wxstedit-devel
not-installed"wxsvg
not-installed"wxsvg
not-installed"wxsvg-debuginfo
not-installed"wxsvg-debugsource
not-installed"wyrd
not-installed"wyrmsun
not-installed"x-tile
not-installed"x-tile-lang
installed"x11
not-installed"x11-japanese-bitmap-fonts
installed"x11-tools
not-installed"x11perf
not-installed"x11vnc
not-installed"x11vnc-frontend
not-installed"x264
not-installed"x264-debuginfo
not-installed"x265
not-installed"x265
not-installed"x265-debuginfo
not-installed"x265-debugsource
not-installed"x2x
not-installed"x3270
not-installed"x86
not-installed"x86info
not-installed"xalan-c
not-installed"xalan-j2
not-installed"xalan-j2-demo
not-installed"xalan-j2-manual
not-installed"xalan-j2-xsltc
not-installed"xano-mincho-fonts
not-installed"xaos
not-installed"xaos-lang
not-installed"xapian-core
not-installed"xapian-core-doc
not-installed"xapian-core-examples
not-installed"xapps-common
not-installed"xar
installed"xauth
installed"xautolock
not-installed"xautomation
not-installed"xaw3dd
not-installed"xawtv
not-installed"xbacklight
not-installed"xbanish
not-installed"xbase
not-installed"xbase-devel
not-installed"xbase-doc
not-installed"xbench
not-installed"xbiff
not-installed"xbindkeys
installed"xbitmaps
not-installed"xbitmaps-devel
not-installed"xboard
not-installed"xboard
not-installed"xboard-debuginfo
not-installed"xboard-debugsource
not-installed"xbomb
not-installed"xboxdrv
not-installed"xbrlapi
not-installed"xbsql
not-installed"xbsql-devel
not-installed"xcalc
not-installed"xcalib
not-installed"xcalib-profiles
not-installed"xcb
installed"xcb-proto-devel
not-installed"xcb-util-cursor-devel
not-installed"xcb-util-cursor-devel-32bit
not-installed"xcb-util-devel
not-installed"xcb-util-devel-32bit
not-installed"xcb-util-errors-devel
installed"xcb-util-image-devel
not-installed"xcb-util-image-devel-32bit
not-installed"xcb-util-keysyms-devel
not-installed"xcb-util-keysyms-devel-32bit
not-installed"xcb-util-renderutil-devel
not-installed"xcb-util-renderutil-devel-32bit
not-installed"xcb-util-wm-devel
not-installed"xcb-util-wm-devel-32bit
not-installed"xcb-util-xrm-devel
not-installed"xcfa
not-installed"xcfa
not-installed"xcfa-debuginfo
not-installed"xcfa-lang
not-installed"xchm
not-installed"xclass
not-installed"xclass-devel
installed"xclip
not-installed"xclipboard
not-installed"xclock
not-installed"xcm
not-installed"xcmiscproto-devel
not-installed"xcmsdb
not-installed"xcolors
not-installed"xcompmgr
installed"xconsole
not-installed"xcoral
not-installed"xcowsay
not-installed"xcursor-themes
not-installed"xcursorgen
not-installed"xdbedizzy
not-installed"xdelta
not-installed"xdelta-devel
not-installed"xdelta3
not-installed"xdemorse
not-installed"xdemorse
not-installed"xdemorse-debuginfo
not-installed"xdemorse-debugsource
not-installed"xdg-app
not-installed"xdg-app-devel
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal-devel
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal-gtk
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal-gtk-lang
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal-kde
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal-kde
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal-kde-lang
not-installed"xdg-desktop-portal-lang
installed"xdg-menu
installed"xdg-user-dirs
not-installed"xdg-user-dirs-gtk
not-installed"xdg-user-dirs-gtk-lang
installed"xdg-user-dirs-lang
installed"xdg-utils
not-installed"xdiskusage
not-installed"xditview
installed"xdm
installed"xdm-xsession
installed"xdmbgrd
not-installed"xdmsc
not-installed"xdotool
not-installed"xdotool-devel
not-installed"xdpyinfo
not-installed"xdriinfo
not-installed"xed
not-installed"xed-devel
not-installed"xed-lang
not-installed"xedit
not-installed"xemacs
not-installed"xemacs-el
not-installed"xemacs-info
not-installed"xemacs-packages
not-installed"xemacs-packages-el
not-installed"xemacs-packages-info
not-installed"xen
not-installed"xen
not-installed"xen-devel
not-installed"xen-doc-html
not-installed"xen-libs
not-installed"xen-libs-32bit
not-installed"xen-tools
not-installed"xen-tools-domU
not-installed"xen_server
not-installed"xengine
not-installed"xerces-c
not-installed"xerces-j2
not-installed"xerces-j2
not-installed"xerces-j2-demo
not-installed"xerces-j2-scripts
installed"xerces-j2-xml-apis
not-installed"xerces-j2-xml-resolver
not-installed"xev
installed"xextproto-devel
not-installed"xeyes
installed"xf86-input-evdev
not-installed"xf86-input-evdev-devel
installed"xf86-input-joystick
not-installed"xf86-input-joystick-devel
installed"xf86-input-keyboard
installed"xf86-input-libinput
not-installed"xf86-input-libinput-devel
installed"xf86-input-mouse
not-installed"xf86-input-mouse-devel
installed"xf86-input-synaptics
not-installed"xf86-input-synaptics-devel
installed"xf86-input-vmmouse
installed"xf86-input-void
installed"xf86-input-wacom
not-installed"xf86-input-wacom-devel
not-installed"xf86-video-amdgpu
not-installed"xf86-video-ark
not-installed"xf86-video-ast
not-installed"xf86-video-ati
not-installed"xf86-video-chips
not-installed"xf86-video-cirrus
not-installed"xf86-video-dummy
installed"xf86-video-fbdev
not-installed"xf86-video-fbturbo
not-installed"xf86-video-glint
not-installed"xf86-video-i128
not-installed"xf86-video-intel
not-installed"xf86-video-intel-32bit
not-installed"xf86-video-mach64
not-installed"xf86-video-mga
not-installed"xf86-video-neomagic
installed"xf86-video-nouveau
not-installed"xf86-video-nv
not-installed"xf86-video-openchrome
not-installed"xf86-video-qxl
not-installed"xf86-video-r128
not-installed"xf86-video-savage
not-installed"xf86-video-siliconmotion
not-installed"xf86-video-sis
not-installed"xf86-video-sisusb
not-installed"xf86-video-tdfx
not-installed"xf86-video-tga
not-installed"xf86-video-trident
not-installed"xf86-video-v4l
installed"xf86-video-vesa
not-installed"xf86-video-vmware
not-installed"xf86-video-voodoo
not-installed"xf86bigfontproto-devel
not-installed"xf86dga
not-installed"xf86dgaproto-devel
not-installed"xf86driproto-devel
not-installed"xf86miscproto-devel
not-installed"xf86rushproto-devel
installed"xf86vidmodeproto-devel
not-installed"xfburn
not-installed"xfburn-lang
not-installed"xfce
not-installed"xfce4-appfinder
not-installed"xfce4-appfinder-lang
not-installed"xfce4-dev-tools
not-installed"xfce4-dict
not-installed"xfce4-dict-lang
not-installed"xfce4-icon-theme
not-installed"xfce4-mixer
not-installed"xfce4-mixer-lang
not-installed"xfce4-notifyd
not-installed"xfce4-notifyd-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfce4-notifyd-branding-upstream
not-installed"xfce4-notifyd-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel
not-installed"xfce4-panel-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfce4-panel-branding-upstream
not-installed"xfce4-panel-devel
not-installed"xfce4-panel-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-appmenu
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-battery
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-battery-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-clipman
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-clipman-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-cpufreq
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-cpufreq-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-cpugraph
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-cpugraph-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-datetime
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-datetime-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-dict
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-diskperf
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-diskperf-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-eyes
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-eyes-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-fsguard
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-fsguard-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-genmon
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-genmon-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-mailwatch
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-mailwatch-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-mixer
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-mount
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-mount-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-mpc
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-mpc-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-multiload-nandhp
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-netload
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-netload-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-netspeed
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-notes
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-notes-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-places
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-places-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-power-manager
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-pulseaudio
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-screenshooter
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors-devel
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-smartbookmark
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-smartbookmark-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-sntray
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-systemload
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-systemload-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-timeout
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-timeout-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-timer
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-timer-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-verve
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-verve-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-wavelan
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-wavelan-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-weather
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-weather
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-weather-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-whiskermenu
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-whiskermenu-lang
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-xkb
not-installed"xfce4-panel-plugin-xkb-lang
not-installed"xfce4-power-manager
not-installed"xfce4-power-manager-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfce4-power-manager-branding-upstream
not-installed"xfce4-power-manager-lang
not-installed"xfce4-screenshooter
not-installed"xfce4-screenshooter
not-installed"xfce4-screenshooter-lang
not-installed"xfce4-session
not-installed"xfce4-session-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfce4-session-branding-upstream
not-installed"xfce4-session-devel
not-installed"xfce4-session-lang
not-installed"xfce4-settings
not-installed"xfce4-settings
not-installed"xfce4-settings-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfce4-settings-branding-upstream
not-installed"xfce4-settings-lang
not-installed"xfce4-splash-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfce4-taskmanager
not-installed"xfce4-taskmanager-lang
not-installed"xfce4-terminal
not-installed"xfce4-terminal-lang
not-installed"xfce4-vala
not-installed"xfce4-volumed
not-installed"xfce4-volumed-pulse
not-installed"xfconf
not-installed"xfconf-lang
not-installed"xfd
not-installed"xfdesktop
not-installed"xfdesktop
not-installed"xfdesktop-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfdesktop-branding-upstream
not-installed"xfdesktop-lang
not-installed"xfig
not-installed"xfindproxy
not-installed"xfishtank
not-installed"xflr5
not-installed"xfmpc
not-installed"xfmpc-lang
not-installed"xfontsel
not-installed"xfs
not-installed"xfsdump
not-installed"xfsinfo
installed"xfsprogs
not-installed"xfsprogs-devel
not-installed"xfwm4
not-installed"xfwm4-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"xfwm4-branding-upstream
not-installed"xfwm4-lang
not-installed"xfwm4-themes
not-installed"xfwp
not-installed"xfwpcnm
not-installed"xfwpcnm
not-installed"xfwpcnm-debuginfo
not-installed"xgalaga++
not-installed"xgamma
not-installed"xgc
not-installed"xgnokii
not-installed"xgrabsc
not-installed"xhfsutil
installed"xhost
not-installed"xhtml-dtd
not-installed"xiccd
not-installed"xindy
not-installed"xindy-doc
not-installed"xindy-rules
not-installed"xine-browser-plugin
not-installed"xine-browser-plugin
not-installed"xine-browser-plugin-debuginfo
not-installed"xine-browser-plugin-debugsource
not-installed"xine-lib
not-installed"xine-lib-debugsource
not-installed"xine-skins
not-installed"xine-skins
not-installed"xine-ui
not-installed"xine-ui
not-installed"xine-ui-32bit
not-installed"xine-ui-debuginfo
not-installed"xine-ui-debugsource
not-installed"xineramaproto-devel
installed"xinetd
not-installed"xinetd
installed"xinit
not-installed"xinput
not-installed"xiphos
not-installed"xiterm
not-installed"xjadeo
not-installed"xjadeo
not-installed"xjadeo-debuginfo
not-installed"xjadeo-debugsource
installed"xkbcomp
not-installed"xkbcomp-devel
not-installed"xkbevd
not-installed"xkbprint
not-installed"xkbutils
installed"xkeyboard-config
installed"xkeyboard-config-lang
not-installed"xkeycaps
not-installed"xkill
not-installed"xl2tpd
not-installed"xl2tpd-doc
not-installed"xless
installed"xli
not-installed"xload
not-installed"xlockmore
not-installed"xlogin
not-installed"xlogo
not-installed"xls2csv
not-installed"xlsatoms
not-installed"xlsclients
not-installed"xlsfonts
not-installed"xmag
not-installed"xmahjongg
not-installed"xman
not-installed"xmanja
installed"xmessage
not-installed"xmgrace
not-installed"xmgrace-devel
not-installed"xmh
not-installed"xmined
not-installed"xml-commons
not-installed"xml-commons-apis-bootstrap
not-installed"xml-commons-jaxp-1.1-apis
not-installed"xml-commons-jaxp-1.1-apis-manual
not-installed"xml-commons-jaxp-1.2-apis
not-installed"xml-commons-jaxp-1.2-apis-manual
not-installed"xml-commons-jaxp-1.3-apis
not-installed"xml-commons-jaxp-1.3-apis-manual
not-installed"xml-commons-resolver-bootstrap
not-installed"xml-commons-resolver10
not-installed"xml-commons-resolver11
not-installed"xml-commons-resolver12
not-installed"xml-commons-which-bootstrap
not-installed"xml-commons-which10
not-installed"xml-commons-which11
not-installed"xml-group-manager
not-installed"xml-im-exporter
not-installed"xml-im-exporter-javadoc
not-installed"xml-security-c-bin
not-installed"xml2po
not-installed"xml2po-devel
not-installed"xmlbeans
not-installed"xmlbeans-mini
not-installed"xmlbeans-scripts
not-installed"xmlcharent
not-installed"xmldb-api
not-installed"xmldb-api-javadoc
not-installed"xmldb-api-sdk
not-installed"xmldb-common
not-installed"xmlformat
not-installed"xmlgraphics-batik
not-installed"xmlgraphics-batik-demo
not-installed"xmlgraphics-batik-rasterizer
not-installed"xmlgraphics-batik-slideshow
not-installed"xmlgraphics-batik-squiggle
not-installed"xmlgraphics-batik-svgpp
not-installed"xmlgraphics-batik-ttf2svg
not-installed"xmlgraphics-commons
not-installed"xmlgraphics-commons-javadoc
not-installed"xmlgraphics-fop
not-installed"xmlrpc-c-devel
not-installed"xmlsec1
not-installed"xmlsec1
not-installed"xmlsec1-debuginfo
not-installed"xmlsec1-debugsource
not-installed"xmlsec1-devel
not-installed"xmlsec1-gcrypt-devel
not-installed"xmlsec1-gnutls-devel
not-installed"xmlsec1-nss-devel
not-installed"xmlsec1-openssl-devel
not-installed"xmlstarlet
not-installed"xmlto
not-installed"xmltooling
not-installed"xmltooling-schemas
not-installed"xmltv
not-installed"xmltv
not-installed"xmltv-grabbers
not-installed"xmlunit
not-installed"xmlunit-javadoc
not-installed"xmms2
not-installed"xmms2-devel
not-installed"xmms2-docs
not-installed"xmms2-perl
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-airplay
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-ao
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-apefile
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-asf
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-asx
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-base
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-cdda
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-cue
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-curl
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-daap
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-flac
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-flv
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-gvfs
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-html
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-ices
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-icymetaint
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-id3v2
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-jack
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-karaoke
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-m3u
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-modplug
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-mp4
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-musepack
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-normalize
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-ofa
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-pulse
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-samba
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-speex
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-tta
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-vocoder
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-wave
not-installed"xmms2-plugin-wavpack
not-installed"xmms2-ruby
not-installed"xmobar
installed"xmodmap
not-installed"xmonad
not-installed"xmoontool
not-installed"xmore
not-installed"xmorph
not-installed"xmorph-devel
not-installed"xmoto
not-installed"xmoto-data
not-installed"xmp
not-installed"xnoise
not-installed"xnoise-lang
not-installed"xom
not-installed"xonotic
not-installed"xonotic
not-installed"xonotic
not-installed"xonotic-data
not-installed"xonotic-server
not-installed"xorg-cf-files
not-installed"xorg-docs
not-installed"xorg-scripts
not-installed"xorg-sgml-doctools
not-installed"xorg-x11
installed"xorg-x11-Xvnc
not-installed"xorg-x11-devel
installed"xorg-x11-driver-input
installed"xorg-x11-driver-video
installed"xorg-x11-essentials
installed"xorg-x11-fonts
installed"xorg-x11-fonts-core
installed"xorg-x11-libX11-ccache
not-installed"xorg-x11-libs
installed"xorg-x11-server
not-installed"xorg-x11-server
not-installed"xorg-x11-server-Xspice
not-installed"xorg-x11-server-extra
not-installed"xorg-x11-server-sdk
not-installed"xorg-x11-server-source
not-installed"xorg-x11-util-devel
installed"xorriso
not-installed"xortool
not-installed"xosd
not-installed"xosd-devel
not-installed"xosview
not-installed"xournal
not-installed"xpaint
not-installed"xpaint
not-installed"xpaint-debuginfo
not-installed"xpaint-debugsource
not-installed"xpaint-devel
not-installed"xpenguins
not-installed"xpinguin
not-installed"xplanet
not-installed"xplayer
not-installed"xplayer-browser-plugin
not-installed"xplayer-browser-plugin-gmp
not-installed"xplayer-browser-plugin-vegas
not-installed"xplayer-devel
not-installed"xplayer-lang
not-installed"xplayer-plparser
not-installed"xplayer-plparser-devel
not-installed"xplayer-plparser-lang
not-installed"xplayer-plugin-zeitgeist
not-installed"xplayer-plugins
not-installed"xplsprinters
not-installed"xpp2
not-installed"xpp2-demo
not-installed"xpp2-javadoc
not-installed"xpp2-manual
not-installed"xpp3
not-installed"xpp3-javadoc
not-installed"xpp3-minimal
not-installed"xpr
not-installed"xpra
not-installed"xpra
not-installed"xpra-debuginfo
not-installed"xpra-debugsource
not-installed"xprehashprinterlist
not-installed"xprintidle
not-installed"xprompt
installed"xprop
installed"xproto-devel
not-installed"xproxymngproto-devel
not-installed"xquarto
installed"xrandr
installed"xrdb
not-installed"xrdp
not-installed"xreader
not-installed"xreader-backends
not-installed"xreader-devel
not-installed"xreader-lang
not-installed"xrefresh
not-installed"xrestop
not-installed"xroach
not-installed"xrootd-cl
not-installed"xrootd-cl-devel
not-installed"xrootd-client
not-installed"xrootd-client-devel
not-installed"xrootd-fuse
not-installed"xrootd-libs
not-installed"xrootd-libs-devel
not-installed"xrootd-private-devel
not-installed"xrootd-server
not-installed"xrootd-server-devel
not-installed"xrx
not-installed"xsane
not-installed"xscope
not-installed"xscreensaver
not-installed"xscreensaver-data
not-installed"xscreensaver-data-extra
not-installed"xsd
not-installed"xsd-doc
not-installed"xsel
not-installed"xselection
not-installed"xsession
installed"xset
not-installed"xsetmode
not-installed"xsetpointer
installed"xsetroot
not-installed"xsettingsd
not-installed"xslide
not-installed"xsm
not-installed"xsp
not-installed"xstdcmap
not-installed"xstereograph
not-installed"xstroke
not-installed"xsynth-dssi
not-installed"xsys
not-installed"xsys
not-installed"xsys-debuginfo
not-installed"xsys-debugsource
not-installed"xt7-player-mpv
not-installed"xt7-player-mpv
not-installed"xtables-addons
not-installed"xtables-addons
not-installed"xtables-addons-kmp-default
not-installed"xtables-geoip
installed"xtables-plugins
not-installed"xteddy
installed"xterm
installed"xtermset
not-installed"xtexit
not-installed"xtrabackup
not-installed"xtrabackup-test
not-installed"xtrans
not-installed"xtrap
not-installed"xv
not-installed"xv
not-installed"xvba-video
not-installed"xvba-video
not-installed"xvba-video-debuginfo
not-installed"xvba-video-debugsource
not-installed"xvfb-run
not-installed"xvid4conf
not-installed"xvid4conf
not-installed"xvid4conf-debuginfo
not-installed"xvid4conf-debugsource
not-installed"xvidcap
not-installed"xvidcap
not-installed"xvidcap-debuginfo
not-installed"xvidcap-debugsource
not-installed"xvidcore
not-installed"xvidcore
not-installed"xvidcore-debugsource
not-installed"xvidenc
not-installed"xvidenc
not-installed"xvidtune
not-installed"xviewer
not-installed"xviewer-devel
not-installed"xviewer-lang
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-exif-display
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-export-to-folder
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-fit-to-width
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-light-theme
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-map
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-postasa
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-pythonconsole
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-send-by-mail
not-installed"xviewer-plugin-slideshowshuffle
not-installed"xviewer-plugins
not-installed"xviewer-plugins-data
not-installed"xviewer-plugins-lang
not-installed"xvinfo
not-installed"xvkbd
not-installed"xwd
not-installed"xwininfo
not-installed"xwud
not-installed"xxkb
not-installed"xyconv
not-installed"xylib-devel
installed"xz
not-installed"xz-devel
not-installed"xz-devel-32bit
installed"xz-lang
not-installed"xzgv
not-installed"yackage
not-installed"yad
not-installed"yad
not-installed"yad-debuginfo
not-installed"yad-debugsource
not-installed"yafc
not-installed"yafray
not-installed"yaics
not-installed"yajl
not-installed"yakuake
not-installed"yakuake-lang
not-installed"yamagi-quake2
not-installed"yamdi
not-installed"yamdi
not-installed"yamdi-debuginfo
not-installed"yamdi-debugsource
not-installed"yaml-cpp-devel
not-installed"yara
not-installed"yara-doc
not-installed"yasm
not-installed"yasm-devel
installed"yast2
not-installed"yast2
installed"yast2-add-on
not-installed"yast2-add-on-creator
not-installed"yast2-alternatives
installed"yast2-apparmor
not-installed"yast2-audit-laf
installed"yast2-auth-client
not-installed"yast2-auth-server
not-installed"yast2-boot-server
installed"yast2-bootloader
not-installed"yast2-bootloader
installed"yast2-branding-openSUSE
installed"yast2-branding-openSUSE-Oxygen
not-installed"yast2-buildtools
not-installed"yast2-ca-management
not-installed"yast2-ca-management
not-installed"yast2-cluster
not-installed"yast2-configuration-management
installed"yast2-control-center
not-installed"yast2-control-center-gnome
installed"yast2-control-center-qt
installed"yast2-core
not-installed"yast2-core-devel
installed"yast2-country
not-installed"yast2-country
installed"yast2-country-data
not-installed"yast2-dbus-server
not-installed"yast2-devtools
not-installed"yast2-dhcp-server
not-installed"yast2-dns-server
not-installed"yast2-docker
not-installed"yast2-drbd
not-installed"yast2-drbd
not-installed"yast2-fcoe-client
not-installed"yast2-fcoe-client
installed"yast2-firewall
not-installed"yast2-firstboot
not-installed"yast2-firstboot
installed"yast2-fonts
not-installed"yast2-ftp-server
not-installed"yast2-geo-cluster
installed"yast2-hardware-detection
not-installed"yast2-http-server
installed"yast2-inetd
not-installed"yast2-inetd-doc
installed"yast2-installation
not-installed"yast2-installation-control
not-installed"yast2-instserver
not-installed"yast2-iplb
installed"yast2-iscsi-client
not-installed"yast2-iscsi-lio-server
not-installed"yast2-isns
installed"yast2-journal
not-installed"yast2-kdump
installed"yast2-ldap
not-installed"yast2-live-installer
installed"yast2-mail
installed"yast2-metapackage-handler
not-installed"yast2-multipath
installed"yast2-network
not-installed"yast2-network
installed"yast2-nfs-client
not-installed"yast2-nfs-client
installed"yast2-nfs-common
not-installed"yast2-nfs-server
installed"yast2-nis-client
not-installed"yast2-nis-server
installed"yast2-ntp-client
not-installed"yast2-ntp-client
installed"yast2-online-update
not-installed"yast2-online-update-configuration
installed"yast2-online-update-frontend
installed"yast2-packager
not-installed"yast2-packager
installed"yast2-pam
installed"yast2-perl-bindings
installed"yast2-pkg-bindings
not-installed"yast2-pkg-bindings
not-installed"yast2-pkg-bindings-devel-doc
not-installed"yast2-pkg-bindings-devel-doc
installed"yast2-printer
not-installed"yast2-product-creator
not-installed"yast2-product-creator
installed"yast2-proxy
not-installed"yast2-python-bindings
not-installed"yast2-qt-branding-openSUSE
not-installed"yast2-rdp
not-installed"yast2-rear
not-installed"yast2-rear
not-installed"yast2-registration
installed"yast2-ruby-bindings
not-installed"yast2-ruby-bindings
installed"yast2-samba-client
installed"yast2-samba-server
installed"yast2-scanner
not-installed"yast2-schema
installed"yast2-security
installed"yast2-services-manager
not-installed"yast2-services-manager
installed"yast2-slp
not-installed"yast2-slp-server
not-installed"yast2-smt
installed"yast2-snapper
installed"yast2-sound
not-installed"yast2-squid
installed"yast2-storage
not-installed"yast2-storage
not-installed"yast2-storage-devel
installed"yast2-sudo
not-installed"yast2-support
installed"yast2-sysconfig
not-installed"yast2-testsuite
not-installed"yast2-tftp-server
not-installed"yast2-trans
not-installed"yast2-trans-af
not-installed"yast2-trans-allpacks
not-installed"yast2-trans-ar
not-installed"yast2-trans-ast
not-installed"yast2-trans-bg
not-installed"yast2-trans-bn
not-installed"yast2-trans-bs
not-installed"yast2-trans-ca
not-installed"yast2-trans-cs
not-installed"yast2-trans-cy
not-installed"yast2-trans-da
not-installed"yast2-trans-de
not-installed"yast2-trans-el
not-installed"yast2-trans-en_GB
installed"yast2-trans-en_US
not-installed"yast2-trans-eo
not-installed"yast2-trans-es
not-installed"yast2-trans-et
not-installed"yast2-trans-eu
not-installed"yast2-trans-fa
not-installed"yast2-trans-fi
not-installed"yast2-trans-fr
not-installed"yast2-trans-gl
not-installed"yast2-trans-gu
not-installed"yast2-trans-he
not-installed"yast2-trans-hi
not-installed"yast2-trans-hr
not-installed"yast2-trans-hu
not-installed"yast2-trans-id
not-installed"yast2-trans-it
not-installed"yast2-trans-ja
not-installed"yast2-trans-jv
not-installed"yast2-trans-ka
not-installed"yast2-trans-km
not-installed"yast2-trans-kn
not-installed"yast2-trans-ko
not-installed"yast2-trans-ku
not-installed"yast2-trans-lo
not-installed"yast2-trans-lt
not-installed"yast2-trans-mk
not-installed"yast2-trans-mr
not-installed"yast2-trans-nb
not-installed"yast2-trans-nds
not-installed"yast2-trans-nl
not-installed"yast2-trans-nn
not-installed"yast2-trans-pa
not-installed"yast2-trans-pl
not-installed"yast2-trans-pot
not-installed"yast2-trans-pt
not-installed"yast2-trans-pt_BR
not-installed"yast2-trans-ro
not-installed"yast2-trans-ru
not-installed"yast2-trans-si
not-installed"yast2-trans-sk
not-installed"yast2-trans-sl
not-installed"yast2-trans-sr
installed"yast2-trans-stats
not-installed"yast2-trans-sv
not-installed"yast2-trans-sw
not-installed"yast2-trans-ta
not-installed"yast2-trans-tg
not-installed"yast2-trans-th
not-installed"yast2-trans-tr
not-installed"yast2-trans-uk
not-installed"yast2-trans-vi
not-installed"yast2-trans-wa
not-installed"yast2-trans-xh
not-installed"yast2-trans-zh_CN
not-installed"yast2-trans-zh_TW
not-installed"yast2-trans-zu
installed"yast2-transfer
installed"yast2-tune
installed"yast2-update
not-installed"yast2-update-FACTORY
installed"yast2-users
installed"yast2-vm
not-installed"yast2-vm
installed"yast2-vpn
installed"yast2-x11
installed"yast2-xml
not-installed"yast2-xml
installed"yast2-ycp-ui-bindings
not-installed"yast2-ycp-ui-bindings-devel
installed"yast2_basis
not-installed"yast2_install_wf
not-installed"yate
not-installed"yate
not-installed"yate-debuginfo
not-installed"yate-debugsource
not-installed"yate-devel
not-installed"yate-qt4
not-installed"yate-qt4-debuginfo
not-installed"yate-scripts
not-installed"yate-with-amrnb
not-installed"yaz
not-installed"yaz-doc
not-installed"yelp
not-installed"yelp-devel
not-installed"yelp-lang
not-installed"yelp-tools
not-installed"yelp-xsl
not-installed"ykclient
not-installed"ykneomgr
not-installed"ykpers
not-installed"yodl
not-installed"youtube-dl
not-installed"youtube-dl
not-installed"youtube-dl-gui
not-installed"youtube-dl-gui-lang
installed"yp-tools
installed"ypbind
not-installed"ypserv
not-installed"ytalk
not-installed"yubico-piv-tool
not-installed"yubikey-neo-manager
not-installed"yubikey-personalization-gui
not-installed"yubikey-piv-manager
installed"yudit
not-installed"yum
not-installed"yum-aliases
not-installed"yum-allowdowngrade
not-installed"yum-basearchonly
not-installed"yum-changelog
not-installed"yum-dellsysid
not-installed"yum-downloadonly
not-installed"yum-fastestmirror
not-installed"yum-filter-data
not-installed"yum-lang
not-installed"yum-list-data
not-installed"yum-merge-conf
not-installed"yum-metadata-parser
not-installed"yum-priorities
not-installed"yum-protect-packages
not-installed"yum-protectbase
not-installed"yum-refresh-updatesd
not-installed"yum-tmprepo
not-installed"yum-tsflags
not-installed"yum-updatesd
not-installed"yum-upgrade-helper
not-installed"yum-utils
not-installed"yum-verify
not-installed"yum-versionlock
not-installed"z3
not-installed"z3-devel
not-installed"zanshin
not-installed"zbar
not-installed"zbuild
not-installed"zbuild
not-installed"zd1211-firmware
not-installed"zdbsp
not-installed"zdoom
not-installed"zdoom
not-installed"zeal
not-installed"zeitgeist
not-installed"zeitgeist-devel
installed"zenity
installed"zenity-lang
not-installed"zenmap
not-installed"zerofree
not-installed"zeroinstall-injector
not-installed"zeromq-devel
not-installed"zeromq-tools
not-installed"zhu3d
not-installed"zile
not-installed"zile-doc
not-installed"zimg
not-installed"zinnia
not-installed"zinnia-devel
not-installed"zinnia-tomoe
not-installed"zip
not-installed"zip
not-installed"zipios++
not-installed"zipios++-debugsource
not-installed"zipios++-devel
not-installed"ziptool
installed"zisofs-tools
installed"zlib-devel
not-installed"zlib-devel-32bit
not-installed"zlib-devel-static
not-installed"zlib-devel-static-32bit
installed"zlibrary
not-installed"zlibrary-devel
installed"zlibrary-ui-gtk
not-installed"zlibrary-ui-qt
not-installed"zn_poly-devel
not-installed"znc
not-installed"znc-devel
not-installed"znc-perl
not-installed"znc-python3
not-installed"znc-tcl
not-installed"zod
not-installed"zod
not-installed"zod-data
not-installed"zod-debuginfo
not-installed"zoo
not-installed"zopfli
not-installed"zot
not-installed"zpaq
not-installed"zramcfg
not-installed"zsdx
not-installed"zsdx
installed"zsh
not-installed"zsh-htmldoc
not-installed"zstd
not-installed"zstd
not-installed"zsync
not-installed"zsync-devel
not-installed"zutils
not-installed"zvbi
not-installed"zvbi-devel
not-installed"zvbi-devel-32bit
not-installed"zynaddsubfx
not-installed"zynaddsubfx-common
not-installed"zynaddsubfx-dssi
not-installed"zynaddsubfx-lv2
not-installed"zynaddsubfx-vst
installed"zypp-plugin-python
installed"zypper
not-installed"zypper
installed"zypper-aptitude
not-installed"zypper-docker
installed"zypper-lifecycle-plugin
installed"zypper-log
not-installed"zziplib
not-installed"zziplib-devel
not-installed"zziplib-devel-32bit'
_zypp_all=( '0' 'A.D.' '0ad' '0ad-data' '2ManDVD' '2ManDVD' '2ManDVD-debuginfo' '2ManDVD-debugsource' '2ping' '389-ds' '389-ds' '389-ds-devel' '3omns' '4pane' '4pane' '4pane-debuginfo' '4ti2' '4ti2-devel' '64bit' '7kaa' 'AbiWord' 'Activities' 'Activity' 'Bar' 'AdobeICCProfiles' 'Aisleriot' 'Solitaire' 'Akregator' 'Almanah' 'Diary' 'Analog' 'Clock' 'Anjuta' 'AppStream' 'AppStream-devel' 'AppStream-lang' 'Application' 'Finder' 'Application' 'Launcher' 'Application' 'Menu' 'Application' 'Menu' 'Bar' 'Archive' 'Manager' 'Ark' 'Armagetron' 'Atomix' 'Atril' 'Document' 'Viewer' 'Attract-Mode' 'Audacity' 'Audience' 'Audio' 'Volume' 'BNFC' 'Balsa' 'Battery' 'and' 'Brightness' 'Bijiben' 'Birdie' 'BitTorrent' 'BitTorrent' 'BitTorrent-curses' 'BitTorrent-gtk' 'Blender' 'Blob' 'Wars' ':' 'Metal' 'Blob' 'Solid' 'Bluefish' 'Bluetooth' 'Books' 'Box2D-doc' 'Brasero' 'Breeze' 'Breeze' 'Dark' 'Builder' 'Buzztrax' 'Music' 'Editor' 'CCSM' 'CPU' 'Load' 'Monitor' 'Calculator' 'Calendar' 'CharLS-devel' 'Character' 'Map' 'Cheese' 'CherryTree' 'Chromium' 'Clementine' 'Music' 'Player' 'Clipboard' 'Clipman' 'Coin' 'Coin-debugsource' 'Coin-devel' 'ColPack-devel' 'ColPack-devel-32bit' 'Collage' 'Collage' 'Collage-debuginfo' 'Collage-debugsource' 'Collage-devel' 'Collage-doc' 'Color' 'Picker' 'ColorFull-devel' 'Comic' 'Strip' 'Compiz' 'Fusion' 'Icon' 'ConsoleKit' 'ConsoleKit-32bit' 'ConsoleKit-devel' 'ConsoleKit-doc' 'ConsoleKit-x11' 'Converseen' 'Corebird' 'Crystalcursors' 'D-Feet' 'D-Bus' 'Debugger' 'DB' 'Browser' 'for' 'SQLite' 'DVDStyler' 'DVDStyler' 'DVDStyler-debuginfo' 'DVDStyler-debugsource' 'Database' 'browser' 'Datovka' 'Dconf' 'Editor' 'DeaDBeeF' 'Declarative' 'Toolbox' 'DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a' 'DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a' 'DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a-debuginfo' 'Default' 'Panel' 'Desktop' 'Desktop' 'Containment' 'Desktop' 'Search' 'DevIL-devel' 'Devhelp' 'Device' 'Notifier' 'Dia' 'Dianara' 'Digital' 'Clock' 'DirectFB' 'DirectFB-Mesa' 'DirectFB-devel' 'DirectFB-devel-32bit' 'DirectFB-doc' 'DirectFB-libSDL' 'DirectFB-libvncclient' 'Disk' 'Quota' 'Disk' 'Usage' 'Analyzer' 'DisplayCAL' 'DisplayCAL' 'DisplayCluster' 'DisplayCluster' 'DisplayCluster-debuginfo' 'DisplayCluster-debugsource' 'DisplayCluster-devel' 'DisplayCluster-doc' 'Document' 'Viewer' 'Documents' 'Dolphin' 'Dragon' 'Player' 'Dust' 'Racing' '2D' 'ETL' 'ETL-devel' 'EasyTAG' 'ElectricFence' 'Elektra' 'Qt' 'Editor' 'Empathy' 'Empty' 'Panel' 'Endless' 'Sky' 'Engrampa' 'Archive' 'Manager' 'Entangle' 'Evince' 'Evolution' 'Exaile' 'Eye' 'of' 'GNOME' 'Eye' 'of' 'MATE' 'FastCGI' 'FastCGI-devel' 'Field3D' 'Field3D' 'Field3D-debuginfo' 'Field3D-debugsource' 'Field3D-devel' 'Fifteen' 'Puzzle' 'FileZilla' 'Firefox' 'Web' 'Browser' 'Firewall' 'FirmwareUpdateKit' 'Five' 'or' 'More' 'FlightGear' 'FlightGear-data' 'FlightGear-docs' 'FocusWriter' 'Four-in-a-row' 'FreeCAD' 'FreeCAD' 'FreeCAD-debuginfo' 'FreeCAD-debugsource' 'FreeCAD-pluginloader' 'FreeCAD-pluginloader' 'Freeciv' 'Freeciv' 'modpack' 'installer' '(gtk3)' 'Freeciv' 'server' 'Frogr' 'Fuzzy' 'Clock' 'GCompris' 'GIMP' 'GLStats' 'GLStats-devel' 'GLStats-doc' 'GNOME' '2048' 'GNOME' 'Boxes' 'GNOME' 'Calculator' 'GNOME' 'Characters' 'GNOME' 'Chess' 'GNOME' 'Clocks' 'GNOME' 'Color' 'Manager' 'GNOME' 'Contacts' 'GNOME' 'Control' 'Center' 'GNOME' 'Dictionary' 'GNOME' 'Disks' 'GNOME' 'Font' 'Viewer' 'GNOME' 'Hex' 'Editor' 'GNOME' 'Hitori' 'GNOME' 'Internet' 'Radio' 'Locator' 'GNOME' 'Klotski' 'GNOME' 'Logs' 'GNOME' 'MPV' 'GNOME' 'Mahjongg' 'GNOME' 'Maps' 'GNOME' 'Mines' 'GNOME' 'Music' 'GNOME' 'Nibbles' 'GNOME' 'Package' 'Updater' 'GNOME' 'Packages' 'GNOME' 'Power' 'Statistics' 'GNOME' 'Robots' 'GNOME' 'Screenshot' 'GNOME' 'Software' 'GNOME' 'Sudoku' 'GNOME' 'System' 'Monitor' 'GNOME' 'Taquin' 'GNOME' 'Tetravex' 'GNOME' 'Tweak' 'Tool' 'GNOME' 'Web' 'GNU' 'PSPP' 'GParted' 'GPaste' 'GStreamer' 'Multimedia' 'Codecs' 'Gambas3' 'Gaupol' 'Geany' 'IDE' 'Geary' 'GeneralUser' 'GeneralUser' 'GeoIP' 'GeoIP-data' 'Getting' 'Things' 'GNOME!' 'Glade' 'Global' 'Menu' 'Gnome' 'Commander' 'Gnote' 'GnuCash' 'Gnumeric' 'Goat' 'Attack' 'Goat' 'Attack' 'Map' 'Editor' 'Gobby' '0.5' 'pre-release' 'Gonvert' 'Goobox' 'CD' 'Player' 'Gourmet' 'GraphicsMagick' 'GraphicsMagick' 'GraphicsMagick-devel' 'Grsync' 'Gtranslator' 'Gwenview' 'Haenau' 'Hard' 'Disk' 'I/O' 'Monitor' 'Hard' 'Disk' 'Space' 'Usage' 'HepMC-devel' 'Herwig-devel' 'Herwig-libs' 'HexChat' 'HomeBank' 'Howl' 'Hugin' 'Batch' 'Processor' 'Hugin' 'Calibrate' 'Lens' 'Hugin' 'Panorama' 'Creator' 'Hunyango' 'Hydrogen' 'IPython' 'IPython-doc' 'Iagno' 'IccXML' 'IfcOpenShell' 'IfcOpenShell' 'IfcOpenShell-debuginfo' 'IfcOpenShell-debugsource' 'IfcOpenShell-devel' 'Image' 'Image' 'Viewer' 'ImageMagick' 'ImageMagick' 'ImageMagick-devel' 'ImageMagick-devel-32bit' 'ImageMagick-doc' 'ImageMagick-extra' 'Inkscape' 'SVG' 'Vector' 'Illustrator' 'Input' 'Method' 'Panel' 'J7Z' 'J7Z' 'J7Z-kf5' 'JaxoDraw' 'Julia' 'K3b' 'KAddressBook' 'KCalc' 'KDE' 'Connect' 'KDE' 'Plasma' 'Desktop' 'KGpg' 'KHelpCenter' 'KMail' 'KMines' 'KMyMoney' 'KNotes' 'KOrganizer' 'KRuler' 'KSudoku' 'Kajongg' 'Kate' 'Kate' 'Sessions' 'Kerberos' 'Authentication' 'Kid3' 'Klavaro' 'Kleopatra' 'Kompare' 'Konsole' 'Kontact' 'Konversation' 'LHAPDF-devel' 'LaTeXila' 'LabPlot' 'Latte' 'Plasmoid' 'LiE' 'LiE-doc' 'LiVES' 'LiVES' 'LiVES-debuginfo' 'LiVES-debugsource' 'LiVES-lang' 'LibVNCServer-devel' 'LibreCAD' 'LibreOffice' 'Base' 'LibreOffice' 'Calc' 'LibreOffice' 'Draw' 'LibreOffice' 'Impress' 'LibreOffice' 'Writer' 'Liferea' 'Lights' 'Off' 'Linphone' 'Lock/Logout' 'Lollypop' 'Lugaru' 'HD' 'Lunchbox' 'Lunchbox-debugsource' 'Lunchbox-devel' 'Lunchbox-doc' 'LyX' 'MATE' 'Calc' 'MATE' 'Dictionary' 'MATE' 'Disk' 'Usage' 'Analyzer' 'MATE' 'Screenshot' 'MATE' 'Search' 'Tool' 'MATE' 'System' 'Monitor' 'MATE' 'Terminal' 'MLDonkey' 'MLDonkey' 'MLDonkey-debuginfo' 'MLDonkey-debugsource' 'MLDonkey-gui' 'MLDonkey-gui-debuginfo' 'MPlayer' 'MPlayer' 'MPlayer-debuginfo' 'MPlayer-debugsource' 'MPlayer-doc' 'Marble' 'Media' 'Player' 'Media' 'frame' 'MediaInfo' 'Meld' 'Memory' 'Status' 'Mesa' 'Mesa' 'Mesa-32bit' 'Mesa-demo' 'Mesa-demo-x' 'Mesa-devel' 'Mesa-dri-devel' 'Mesa-dri-nouveau' 'Mesa-dri-nouveau-32bit' 'Mesa-libEGL-devel' 'Mesa-libEGL-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libEGL1' 'Mesa-libEGL1-32bit' 'Mesa-libGL-devel' 'Mesa-libGL-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libGL1' 'Mesa-libGL1-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM-devel' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM1' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM1-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-2' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-2-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-devel' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv3-devel' 'Mesa-libd3d' 'Mesa-libd3d-32bit' 'Mesa-libd3d-devel' 'Mesa-libd3d-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libglapi-devel' 'Mesa-libglapi-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libglapi0' 'Mesa-libglapi0-32bit' 'Mesa-libva' 'Midori' 'Minetest' 'Minimize' 'all' 'Windows' 'Minuet' 'Modem' 'Manager' 'GUI' 'ModemManager' 'ModemManager-devel' 'ModemManager-lang' 'Modules' 'MozillaFirefox' 'MozillaFirefox' 'MozillaFirefox-branding-openSUSE' 'MozillaFirefox-branding-upstream' 'MozillaFirefox-buildsymbols' 'MozillaFirefox-devel' 'MozillaFirefox-translations-common' 'MozillaFirefox-translations-other' 'MozillaThunderbird' 'MozillaThunderbird' 'MozillaThunderbird-buildsymbols' 'MozillaThunderbird-devel' 'MozillaThunderbird-translations-common' 'MozillaThunderbird-translations-other' 'Mr' 'Rescue' 'MultiMarkdown-5' 'MultiWriter' 'MyODBC-unixODBC' 'NFO' 'Viewer' 'Nautilus' 'Nemiver' 'Network' 'Monitor' 'NetworkManager' 'NetworkManager' 'NetworkManager-appindicator' 'NetworkManager-branding-openSUSE' 'NetworkManager-branding-upstream' 'NetworkManager-connection-editor' 'NetworkManager-devel' 'NetworkManager-devel-32bit' 'NetworkManager-gnome' 'NetworkManager-gnome-lang' 'NetworkManager-iodine' 'NetworkManager-iodine-gnome' 'NetworkManager-iodine-lang' 'NetworkManager-l2tp' 'NetworkManager-l2tp' 'NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome' 'NetworkManager-l2tp-lang' 'NetworkManager-lang' 'NetworkManager-novellvpn' 'NetworkManager-novellvpn-gnome' 'NetworkManager-novellvpn-lang' 'NetworkManager-openconnect' 'NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome' 'NetworkManager-openconnect-lang' 'NetworkManager-openswan' 'NetworkManager-openswan-gnome' 'NetworkManager-openswan-lang' 'NetworkManager-openvpn' 'NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome' 'NetworkManager-openvpn-lang' 'NetworkManager-pptp' 'NetworkManager-pptp-gnome' 'NetworkManager-pptp-lang' 'NetworkManager-strongswan' 'NetworkManager-strongswan-gnome' 'NetworkManager-strongswan-lang' 'NetworkManager-vpnc' 'NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome' 'NetworkManager-vpnc-lang' 'Networks' 'Nomacs' 'Notes' 'Notifications' 'NovProg' 'Okular' 'OpenClonk' 'OpenColorIO' 'OpenColorIO-devel' 'OpenColorIO-doc' 'OpenIPMI' 'OpenIPMI' 'OpenIPMI-devel' 'OpenIPMI-python' 'OpenImageIO' 'OpenImageIO-devel' 'OpenLP' 'OpenOctaveMidi' 'OpenOctaveMidi' 'OpenOctaveMidi-debuginfo' 'OpenOctaveMidi-lang' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-debuginfo' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-debugsource' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-lang' 'OpenPrintingPPDs' 'OpenPrintingPPDs-ghostscript' 'OpenPrintingPPDs-hpijs' 'OpenPrintingPPDs-postscript' 'OpenSceneGraph' 'OpenSceneGraph-examples' 'OpenSceneGraph-plugins' 'Opera' 'Osmo4' 'Osmo4-debuginfo' 'OwnCloud' 'KAccounts' 'QML' 'plugin' 'PCB' 'Designer' 'PDF' 'Chain' 'PackageKit' 'PackageKit-Qt-devel' 'PackageKit-Qt5-devel' 'PackageKit-backend-zypp' 'PackageKit-branding-openSUSE' 'PackageKit-branding-upstream' 'PackageKit-devel' 'PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin' 'PackageKit-gtk3-module' 'PackageKit-lang' 'Pager' 'Panel' 'Toolbox' 'ParaView' 'PgTcl' 'Phoronix' 'Test' 'Suite' 'Photos' 'Pidgin' 'Pithos' 'Pitivi' 'Plain' 'Color' 'Plank' 'PlayOnLinux' 'PlotDigitizer' 'PlotDigitizer' 'Pluma' 'Poedit' 'Polari' 'Pomodoro' 'Power' 'Statistics' 'Pragha' 'Mucic' 'Player' 'Print' 'Settings' 'Printers' 'Project' 'Hamster' 'ProjectX' 'ProjectX' 'Psi' 'PyGreSQL' 'Pybliographer' 'QDeviceMonitor' 'QElectroTech' 'QMPlay2' 'QMPlay2' 'QMPlay2-debuginfo' 'QMPlay2-debugsource' 'QMPlay2-devel' 'QMPlay2-kde-integration' 'QSyncthingTray' 'QTerminal' 'QXmlEdit' 'QjackCtl' 'Qross-devel' 'QtAV' 'QtAV' 'QtAV-debugsource' 'QtAV-devel' 'QtAV-players' 'QtAV-players-debuginfo' 'QtAV-qml' 'QtAV-qml-debuginfo' 'QtDMM' 'Qtractor' 'Quadrapassel' 'Quick' 'Share' 'Quicklaunch' 'QupZilla' 'R-KernSmooth' 'R-MASS' 'R-Matrix' 'R-Matrix-devel' 'R-base' 'R-base-devel' 'R-boot' 'R-class' 'R-cluster' 'R-codetools' 'R-compiler' 'R-core' 'R-core-devel' 'R-core-doc' 'R-core-libs' 'R-core-packages' 'R-datasets' 'R-foreign' 'R-grDevices' 'R-graphics' 'R-grid' 'R-lattice' 'R-methods' 'R-mgcv' 'R-nlme' 'R-nnet' 'R-parallel' 'R-recommended-packages' 'R-rpart' 'R-spatial' 'R-splines' 'R-stats' 'R-stats4' 'R-survival' 'R-tcltk' 'R-tools' 'R-utils' 'Rapid' 'Photo' 'Downloader' 'Rawstudio' 'ReText' 'Redshift' 'Regina-REXX' 'Regina-REXX-devel' 'Regina-REXX-doc' 'Remmina' 'Remote' 'Desktop' 'Viewer' 'Remote' 'Viewer' 'RemoteBox' 'RemoteBox:' 'VirtualBox' 'Client' 'Rhythmbox' 'Ristretto' 'Rivet-devel' 'RobboLito0085' 'RobboLito0085' 'RobboLito0085-debuginfo' 'Rosegarden' 'SDL2' 'SDL2_image' 'SDL_image' 'SHERPA-MC-devel' 'SUSEConnect' 'SUSEConnect' 'SampleICC' 'Scilab' 'Screenshot' 'Scribus' 'ScummVM' 'SeaMonkey' 'Composer' 'SeaMonkey' 'Mail' 'Client' 'SeaMonkey' 'Web' 'Browser' 'Seahorse' 'Search' 'Search' 'and' 'Indexing' 'ShellCheck' 'Shotwell' 'Show' 'Desktop' 'Showfoto' 'SimGear-devel' 'Simple' 'CCSM' 'Simple' 'Scan' 'SimpleScreenRecorder' 'Skanlite' 'Slideshow' 'Smb4K' 'Smuxi' 'SoQt' 'SoQt' 'SoQt-debugsource' 'SoQt-devel' 'SoQt-doc' 'Software' 'Updates' 'Something' 'For' 'Reddit' 'Sound' 'Converter' 'Sound' 'Juicer' 'Sound' 'Recorder' 'Spectacle' 'Steam' 'Stellarium' 'SuSEfirewall2' 'SuSEfirewall2' 'SuSEfirewall2-fail2ban' 'SuperTux' '2' 'SuperTuxKart' 'Supybot' 'Swell' 'Foop' 'System' 'Load' 'Viewer' 'System' 'Tray' 'TEA' 'THE' 'THE-doc' 'Tali' 'Task' 'Manager' 'TeXstudio' 'TeXworks' 'Teeworlds' 'Terminal' 'Texmaker' 'LaTeX' 'Editor' 'Text' 'Editor' 'The' 'Legend' 'of' 'Edgar' 'ThePEG-devel' 'ThePEG-libs' 'Thunar' 'File' 'Manager' 'Thunderbird' 'Tilda' 'Tiled' 'Timer' 'To' 'Do' 'Tor' 'Browser' 'Launcher' 'Transmageddon' 'Media' 'Transcoder' 'Trashcan' 'Trojitá' 'UEFITool' 'UEFITool' 'UEFITool-debuginfo' 'UEFITool-debugsource' 'User' 'Switcher' 'VFlib3' 'VFlib3-devel' 'VLC' 'Media' 'player' 'Vc-devel' 'Vc-devel-static' 'Veusz' 'Videos' 'Virtual' 'Machine' 'Manager' 'VirtualBox-5.2' 'VirtualGL' 'VirtualGL-32bit' 'VirtualGL-devel' 'Voxelands' 'WALinuxAgent' 'Wammu' 'Warzone' '2100' 'Weather' 'Weather' 'Forecast' 'Web' 'browser' 'When' 'Window' 'list' 'WindowMaker' 'WindowMaker-applets' 'WindowMaker-applets' 'WindowMaker-devel' 'WindowMaker-themes' 'Wireshark' '(GTK)' 'Network' 'Analyzer' 'Wireshark' '(QT)' 'Network' 'Analyzer' 'World' 'Clock' 'World' 'Map' 'Wyrmsun' 'Xed' 'Xiphos' 'Xournal' 'YODA-devel' 'YaST' 'Yaics' 'a2jmidid' 'a2jmidid' 'a2jmidid-debuginfo' 'a2jmidid-debugsource' 'a2ps' 'a2ps-devel' 'a2ps-h' 'a52dec' 'a52dec' 'a52dec-debuginfo' 'a52dec-debugsource' 'aMule' 'aMule' 'aMule-debuginfo' 'aMule-debugsource' 'aMule-kde4' 'aMule-kde4-debuginfo' 'aaa_base' 'aaa_base-extras' 'aaa_base-malloccheck' 'aacsupdater' 'aacsupdater' 'aacsupdater-debuginfo' 'aacsupdater-debugsource' 'aalib' 'aalib-devel' 'aalib-devel-32bit' 'abcde' 'abi-compliance-checker' 'abiword' 'abiword-docs' 'abook' 'abook-lang' 'abootimg' 'abxtest' 'accerciser' 'accerciser-lang' 'accerciser-plugin-IPython' 'accountsservice' 'accountsservice' 'accountsservice-devel' 'accountsservice-lang' 'acct' 'acct' 'ack' 'acl' 'acpi' 'acpica' 'acpid' 'actkbd' 'adaptec-firmware' 'adaptx' 'adaptx-doc' 'adaptx-javadoc' 'addrwatch' 'adinatha-fonts' 'adjtimex' 'adminer' 'adminer' 'adminer-designs' 'adminer-editor' 'adminer-elasticsearch' 'adminer-firebird' 'adminer-mssql' 'adminer-mysql' 'adminer-pgsql' 'adminer-sqlite' 'adms' 'adns' 'adobe-cid-keyed-moe-fonts' 'adobe-cid-keyed-munhwa-fonts' 'adobe-cid-keyed-wada-fonts' 'adobe-cid-keyed-wadah-fonts' 'adobe-release-x86_64' 'adobe-sourcecodepro-fonts' 'adobe-sourcehansans-fonts' 'adobe-sourcesanspro-fonts' 'adobe-sourceserifpro-fonts' 'adolc-devel' 'adolc-devel-32bit' 'adolc-doc' 'adwaita-icon-theme' 'aegisub' 'aegisub' 'aegisub-debuginfo' 'aegisub-debugsource' 'aelfred' 'aelfred-javadoc' 'aespipe' 'afl' 'aften' 'aften' 'aften-debuginfo' 'agg-devel' 'agrep' 'aha' 'aide' 'aide-test' 'aircrack-ng' 'aircrack-ng' 'aircrack-ng-debuginfo' 'aircrack-ng-debugsource' 'airspy' 'airspy-devel' 'airspy-udev' 'aisleriot' 'aisleriot-lang' 'aisleriot-themes' 'akonadi-calendar-devel' 'akonadi-calendar-lang' 'akonadi-calendar-tools' 'akonadi-calendar-tools-lang' 'akonadi-contact' 'akonadi-contact-devel' 'akonadi-contact-lang' 'akonadi-import-wizard' 'akonadi-import-wizard-lang' 'akonadi-mime' 'akonadi-mime-devel' 'akonadi-mime-lang' 'akonadi-notes-devel' 'akonadi-notes-lang' 'akonadi-runtime' 'akonadi-search' 'akonadi-search-devel' 'akonadi-search-lang' 'akonadi-server' 'akonadi-server-devel' 'akonadi-server-lang' 'akonadi-server-sqlite' 'akonadiconsole' 'akregator' 'akregator-lang' 'alac' 'alac_decoder' 'alac_decoder' 'alac_decoder-debuginfo' 'alac_decoder-debugsource' 'alacarte' 'alacarte-lang' 'albert' 'albumshaper' 'aldusleaf-crimson-text-fonts' 'alee-fonts' 'alevt' 'alevtd' 'alex' 'allegro' 'allegro-dga2-plugin' 'allegro-dga2-plugin-32bit' 'allegro-jack-plugin' 'allegro-jack-plugin-32bit' 'allegro-tools' 'almanah' 'almanah-lang' 'alpine' 'alpine-branding-openSUSE' 'alsa' 'alsa-devel' 'alsa-devel-32bit' 'alsa-docs' 'alsa-firmware' 'alsa-oss' 'alsa-oss-32bit' 'alsa-plugins' 'alsa-plugins-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-a52' 'alsa-plugins-dca' 'alsa-plugins-dca-debuginfo' 'alsa-plugins-jack' 'alsa-plugins-jack-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-lavcrate' 'alsa-plugins-maemo' 'alsa-plugins-maemo-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-pulse' 'alsa-plugins-pulse-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-samplerate' 'alsa-plugins-samplerate-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-speex' 'alsa-utils' 'alsabat' 'amanda' 'amarok' 'amarok' 'amarok-debuginfo' 'amarok-debugsource' 'amarok-lang' 'amavisd-new' 'amavisd-new' 'amavisd-new-docs' 'amazon-ssm-agent' 'amazon-ssm-agent' 'amdovdrvctrl' 'amdovdrvctrl' 'amrnb' 'amrnb' 'amrnb-debuginfo' 'amrnb-debugsource' 'amrwb' 'amrwb' 'amrwb-debuginfo' 'amrwb-debugsource' 'amsynth' 'amsynth-lang' 'amsynth-plugin-dssi' 'amsynth-plugin-lv2' 'amsynth-plugin-vst' 'amtu' 'analitza' 'analitza-devel' 'analitza-lang' 'analyzeMFT' 'android-tools' 'angelscript2_29-devel' 'anjuta' 'anjuta-devel' 'anjuta-extras' 'anjuta-extras-lang' 'anjuta-lang' 'ansible' 'ansible' 'ant' 'ant-antlr' 'ant-apache-bcel' 'ant-apache-bsf' 'ant-apache-log4j' 'ant-apache-oro' 'ant-apache-regexp' 'ant-apache-resolver' 'ant-apache-xalan2' 'ant-commons-logging' 'ant-commons-net' 'ant-contrib' 'ant-contrib-javadoc' 'ant-contrib-manual' 'ant-findbugs' 'ant-javadoc' 'ant-javamail' 'ant-jdepend' 'ant-jmf' 'ant-jsch' 'ant-junit' 'ant-manual' 'ant-phone' 'ant-scripts' 'ant-swing' 'ant-testutil' 'anthy' 'anthy-32bit' 'anthy-devel' 'antlr' 'antlr-devel' 'antlr-java' 'antlr-javadoc' 'antlr-manual' 'antlr3c-devel' 'apache-commons-beanutils' 'apache-commons-beanutils-javadoc' 'apache-commons-cli' 'apache-commons-cli-javadoc' 'apache-commons-codec' 'apache-commons-codec-javadoc' 'apache-commons-collections' 'apache-commons-collections-javadoc' 'apache-commons-collections-testframework' 'apache-commons-collections-testframework-javadoc' 'apache-commons-daemon' 'apache-commons-daemon-javadoc' 'apache-commons-daemon-jsvc' 'apache-commons-dbcp' 'apache-commons-dbcp-javadoc' 'apache-commons-email' 'apache-commons-email' 'apache-commons-email-javadoc' 'apache-commons-httpclient' 'apache-commons-httpclient-demo' 'apache-commons-httpclient-javadoc' 'apache-commons-httpclient-manual' 'apache-commons-io' 'apache-commons-io-javadoc' 'apache-commons-lang' 'apache-commons-lang-javadoc' 'apache-commons-logging' 'apache-commons-parent' 'apache-commons-pool' 'apache-commons-pool-javadoc' 'apache-commons-pool2' 'apache-commons-pool2-javadoc' 'apache-commons-validator' 'apache-commons-validator-javadoc' 'apache-ivy' 'apache-ivy-javadoc' 'apache-pdfbox' 'apache-pdfbox-javadoc' 'apache-portlet-1_0-api' 'apache-portlet-1_0-api-javadoc' 'apache-rpm-macros' 'apache-rpm-macros-control' 'apache-rpm-macros-control' 'apache2' 'apache2' 'apache2-devel' 'apache2-doc' 'apache2-event' 'apache2-example-pages' 'apache2-icons-oxygen' 'apache2-mod_apparmor' 'apache2-mod_auth_kerb' 'apache2-mod_authn_otp' 'apache2-mod_dnssd' 'apache2-mod_evasive' 'apache2-mod_fastcgi' 'apache2-mod_fcgid' 'apache2-mod_jk' 'apache2-mod_mono' 'apache2-mod_musicindex' 'apache2-mod_musicindex' 'apache2-mod_musicindex-debuginfo' 'apache2-mod_musicindex-debugsource' 'apache2-mod_nss' 'apache2-mod_perl' 'apache2-mod_perl-devel' 'apache2-mod_php5' 'apache2-mod_php7' 'apache2-mod_proxy_uwsgi' 'apache2-mod_python' 'apache2-mod_scgi' 'apache2-mod_security2' 'apache2-mod_tidy' 'apache2-mod_uwsgi' 'apache2-mod_wsgi' 'apache2-mod_wsgi-python3' 'apache2-prefork' 'apache2-utils' 'apache2-worker' 'apcupsd' 'apcupsd-cgi' 'apcupsd-gui' 'apel' 'apetag' 'apetag' 'apetag-debuginfo' 'apetag-debugsource' 'apfel-devel' 'apg' 'apparmor' 'apparmor' 'apparmor-abstractions' 'apparmor-docs' 'apparmor-parser' 'apparmor-parser-lang' 'apparmor-profiles' 'apparmor-rpm-macros' 'apparmor-utils' 'apparmor-utils-lang' 'appcenter' 'appcenter-lang' 'appengine' 'appframework' 'appframework-javadoc' 'appmenu-qt' 'appmenu-qt5' 'appmenu-qt5-32bit' 'appres' 'appstream-glib' 'appstream-glib-devel' 'appstream-glib-lang' 'apt-cacher-ng' 'apulse' 'apulse-32bit' 'aqbanking' 'aqbanking-devel' 'aqbanking-doc' 'aqbanking-lang' 'aqbanking-ofx' 'arabic-ae-fonts' 'arabic-amiri-fonts' 'arabic-bitmap-fonts' 'arabic-fonts' 'arabic-kacst-fonts' 'arabic-kacstone-fonts' 'arabic-naqsh-fonts' 'arandr' 'aranym' 'arc-icon-theme' 'archivemail' 'archivemount' 'argon2' 'argon2-devel' 'argon2-doc' 'args4j' 'args4j-javadoc' 'argus' 'argus-client' 'argus-server' 'argyllcms' 'argyllcms-doc' 'aria2' 'aria2-devel' 'aria2-lang' 'ark' 'ark-lang' 'armadillo-devel' 'armadillo-devel-32bit' 'armadillo-doc' 'armagetron' 'arp-scan' 'arpack-ng-devel' 'arpack-ng-devel-32bit' 'arphic-bkai00mp-fonts' 'arphic-bsmi00lp-fonts' 'arphic-fonts' 'arphic-gbsn00lp-fonts' 'arphic-gkai00mp-fonts' 'arphic-ukai-fonts' 'arphic-uming-fonts' 'arping2' 'arprec-devel' 'arptables' 'arpwatch' 'arpwatch-ethercodes' 'arpwatch-ethercodes-build' 'art-sharp2' 'artha' 'artifacts' 'artifacts-validator' 'artikulate' 'artikulate-lang' 'arts' 'arts-32bit' 'arts-devel' 'arts-gmcop' 'as10k1' 'asciidoc' 'asciidoc-examples' 'asciinema' 'asclock' 'asco' 'asco-doc' 'aseqview' 'asio-devel' 'asl' 'asl-doc' 'asm' 'asm-javadoc' 'asm2' 'asm2-examples' 'asm2-javadoc' 'asm3' 'asm3-examples' 'asm3-javadoc' 'aspell' 'aspell-af' 'aspell-agal' 'aspell-am' 'aspell-ar' 'aspell-ast' 'aspell-az' 'aspell-be' 'aspell-bg' 'aspell-bn' 'aspell-br' 'aspell-ca' 'aspell-cs' 'aspell-csb' 'aspell-cy' 'aspell-da' 'aspell-de' 'aspell-devel' 'aspell-el' 'aspell-en' 'aspell-eo' 'aspell-es' 'aspell-et' 'aspell-fa' 'aspell-fi' 'aspell-fo' 'aspell-fr' 'aspell-fy' 'aspell-ga' 'aspell-gd' 'aspell-gl' 'aspell-grc' 'aspell-gu' 'aspell-gv' 'aspell-he' 'aspell-hi' 'aspell-hil' 'aspell-hr' 'aspell-hsb' 'aspell-hu' 'aspell-hus' 'aspell-hy' 'aspell-ia' 'aspell-id' 'aspell-is' 'aspell-ispell' 'aspell-it' 'aspell-kn' 'aspell-ku' 'aspell-ky' 'aspell-la' 'aspell-lt' 'aspell-lv' 'aspell-mg' 'aspell-mi' 'aspell-mk' 'aspell-ml' 'aspell-mn' 'aspell-mr' 'aspell-ms' 'aspell-mt' 'aspell-nb' 'aspell-nds' 'aspell-nl' 'aspell-nn' 'aspell-ny' 'aspell-or' 'aspell-pa' 'aspell-pl' 'aspell-pt_BR' 'aspell-pt_PT' 'aspell-qu' 'aspell-ro' 'aspell-ru' 'aspell-rw' 'aspell-sc' 'aspell-sk' 'aspell-sl' 'aspell-spell' 'aspell-sr' 'aspell-sv' 'aspell-sw' 'aspell-ta' 'aspell-te' 'aspell-tet' 'aspell-tk' 'aspell-tl' 'aspell-tn' 'aspell-tr' 'aspell-uk' 'aspell-uz' 'aspell-vi' 'aspell-wa' 'aspell-yi' 'aspell-zu' 'asterisk-sounds-devel' 'asteroids3D' 'astyle' 'asunder' 'asunder' 'asunder-debuginfo' 'asunder-debugsource' 'asunder-lang' 'asusfan' 'at' 'at' 'at-spi-sharp' 'at-spi-sharp-devel' 'at-spi2-atk-common' 'at-spi2-atk-devel' 'at-spi2-atk-gtk2' 'at-spi2-core' 'at-spi2-core' 'at-spi2-core-devel' 'at-spi2-core-devel-32bit' 'at-spi2-core-lang' 'atftp' 'atftp' 'atheme' 'atheme-devel' 'atk-devel' 'atk-devel-32bit' 'atk-doc' 'atk-lang' 'atkmm-devel' 'atkmm-devel-32bit' 'atkmm-doc' 'atlascpp-devel' 'atmel-firmware' 'atom' 'atomiks' 'atomix' 'atomix-lang' 'atool' 'atop' 'atop-daemon' 'atril' 'atril-backends' 'atril-devel' 'atril-lang' 'atril-thumbnailer' 'attica-qt5-devel' 'attica-qt5-devel-32bit' 'attr' 'attractmode' 'aubio-tools' 'audacious' 'audacious' 'audacious-debuginfo' 'audacious-debugsource' 'audacious-devel' 'audacious-lang' 'audacious-plugins' 'audacious-plugins' 'audacious-plugins-debuginfo' 'audacious-plugins-debugsource' 'audacious-plugins-extra' 'audacious-plugins-extra-debuginfo' 'audacious-plugins-lang' 'audacity' 'audacity' 'audacity' 'audacity-debuginfo' 'audacity-debugsource' 'audacity-lang' 'audenc' 'audenc' 'audex' 'audex-lang' 'audience' 'audience-lang' 'audio-recorder' 'audio-recorder-lang' 'audiofile' 'audiofile-devel' 'audiofile-devel-32bit' 'audiofile-doc' 'audiotools' 'audiotools' 'audiotools-debuginfo' 'audiotools-debugsource' 'audit' 'audit' 'audit-audispd-plugins' 'audit-devel' 'audit-devel-32bit' 'audit-libs-python' 'audit-secondary' 'audit-visualize' 'augeas' 'augeas' 'augeas-devel' 'augeas-devel-32bit' 'augeas-lense-tests' 'augeas-lenses' 'autobench' 'autoconf' 'autoconf-archive' 'autoconf-el' 'autoconf213' 'autocutsel' 'autofdo' 'autofs' 'autofs' 'autogen' 'automake' 'automoc4' 'autonym-fonts' 'autopano-sift-C' 'autopano-sift-C' 'autopano-sift-C-debuginfo' 'autopano-sift-C-debugsource' 'autossh' 'autotrace' 'autotrace-devel' 'autotrash' 'autoyast2' 'autoyast2' 'autoyast2-installation' 'avahi' 'avahi-autoipd' 'avahi-compat-howl-devel' 'avahi-compat-mDNSResponder-devel' 'avahi-lang' 'avahi-mono' 'avahi-utils' 'avahi-utils-gtk' 'avalon-framework' 'avalon-framework-javadoc' 'avalon-framework-manual' 'avesta-fonts' 'avfs' 'avfs-devel' 'avidemux' 'avidemux' 'avidemux-debuginfo' 'avidemux-debugsource' 'avidemux-gtk' 'avidemux-gtk-debuginfo' 'avidemux-lang' 'avidemux-plugin-arts' 'avidemux-plugin-arts-debuginfo' 'avidemux-qt' 'avidemux-qt-debuginfo' 'avidemux3' 'avidemux3' 'avidemux3-cli' 'avidemux3-cli-debuginfo' 'avidemux3-debuginfo' 'avidemux3-debugsource' 'avidemux3-qt5' 'avidemux3-qt5-debuginfo' 'avidemux3-qt5-lang' 'avifile' 'avifile' 'avifile-data' 'avifile-debuginfo' 'avifile-debugsource' 'avifile-win32' 'avogadro' 'avogadro-devel' 'avogadro-devel-32bit' 'avogadrolibs' 'avogadrolibs-devel' 'avrdude' 'avrdude' 'avxsynth' 'avxsynth' 'avxsynth-debuginfo' 'avxsynth-debugsource' 'avxsynth-devel' 'avxsynth-plugins' 'avxsynth-plugins-debuginfo' 'awesfx' 'awesome' 'awesome-branding-openSUSE' 'awesome-branding-upstream' 'awesome-freedesktop' 'awesome-shifty' 'awesome-vicious' 'aws-cli' 'aws-cli' 'axel' 'axis' 'axis-javadoc' 'axis-manual' 'azove' 'b43-fwcutter' 'b43legacy-firmware' 'b43legacy-firmware' 'b5i2iso' 'b5i2iso' 'b5i2iso-debuginfo' 'babelstone-han-fonts' 'babelstone-marchen-fonts' 'babelstone-modern-fonts' 'babelstone-ogham-fonts' 'babelstone-phags-pa-fonts' 'babelstone-runic-fonts' 'babeltrace' 'babeltrace-devel' 'babl-devel' 'backintime' 'backintime' 'backintime-lang' 'backintime-qt4' 'baekmuk-bitmap-fonts' 'baekmuk-ttf-fonts' 'baka-mplayer' 'baka-mplayer' 'baka-mplayer-debuginfo' 'baka-mplayer-debugsource' 'baloo5' 'baloo5-devel' 'baloo5-file' 'baloo5-imports' 'baloo5-kioslaves' 'baloo5-lang' 'baloo5-tools' 'baloo5-widgets' 'baloo5-widgets-devel' 'baloo5-widgets-lang' 'balsa' 'balsa-lang' 'bam' 'bamf-daemon' 'bamf-devel' 'bamf-doc' 'baobab' 'baobab-lang' 'barbie_seahorse_adventures' 'barcode' 'barcode-devel' 'bareftp' 'base' 'bash' 'bash' 'bash-completion' 'bash-devel' 'bash-doc' 'bash-lang' 'bash-loadables' 'bashdb' 'bashdb' 'batctl' 'bats' 'bb' 'bbe' 'bbswitch' 'bbswitch' 'bbswitch-kmp-default' 'bc' 'bcache-tools' 'bcc-devel' 'bcc-examples' 'bcc-tools' 'bcel' 'bcel5_3' 'bcel5_3-javadoc' 'bchunk' 'bchunk' 'bchunk-debuginfo' 'bcm20702a1-firmware' 'bcm43xx-firmware' 'bctoolbox' 'bctoolbox-debugsource' 'bctoolbox-devel' 'bcunit-devel' 'bcunit-doc' 'bdfresize' 'bdftopcf' 'bea-stax' 'bea-stax-api' 'beansbinding' 'beansbinding-javadoc' 'beaver' 'beforelight' 'beignet' 'beignet-devel' 'belcard-devel' 'belle-sip' 'belle-sip-debugsource' 'belle-sip-devel' 'belle-sip-devel-debuginfo' 'belr-devel' 'benchmark-devel' 'bento4' 'bento4' 'bento4-debuginfo' 'bento4-debugsource' 'bento4-devel' 'berkeleydb' 'berkeleydb-demo' 'berkeleydb-javadoc' 'berkeleydb-manual' 'bestplugins' 'bff' 'bff4' 'biabam' 'biblesync-devel' 'bibletime' 'bibtool' 'bibview' 'bigreqsproto-devel' 'bijiben' 'bijiben-lang' 'bin86' 'bind' 'bind' 'bind-chrootenv' 'bind-devel' 'bind-doc' 'bind-libs' 'bind-libs-32bit' 'bind-lwresd' 'bind-utils' 'bindfs' 'bing' 'bino' 'bino' 'bino-debuginfo' 'bino-debugsource' 'bino-lang' 'binutils' 'binutils' 'binutils-devel' 'binutils-devel-32bit' 'binutils-gold' 'binwalk' 'biosdevname' 'birdie' 'birdie-lang' 'bison' 'bison-32bit' 'bitcoin-qt5' 'bitcoin-test' 'bitcoin-utils' 'bitcoind' 'bitlbee' 'bitlbee-devel' 'bitlbee-doc' 'bitlbee-facebook' 'bitlbee-facebook' 'bitlbee-steam' 'bitmap' 'bitstream-vera-fonts' 'blabel' 'blabel' 'blacs-devel-headers' 'bladeRF' 'bladeRF-devel' 'bladeRF-udev' 'blas-devel' 'blas-devel-32bit' 'blas-devel-static' 'blas-man' 'blasphemer' 'bleachbit' 'bleachbit-lang' 'blender' 'blender-lang' 'bless' 'bless-doc' 'blinken' 'blinken-lang' 'blitz-devel' 'blitz-doc' 'blktrace' 'bloaty' 'blobAndConquer' 'blobwars' 'blobwars-lang' 'blockout' 'blog' 'blog-devel' 'blog-plymouth' 'blogbench' 'blogilo' 'blogilo-lang' 'blosc-devel' 'blueberry' 'blueberry-lang' 'bluedevil5' 'bluedevil5-lang' 'bluefish' 'bluefish' 'blueman' 'blueman-lang' 'bluemoon' 'blueprint-cursor-theme' 'blueproximity' 'blueproximity-lang' 'bluez' 'bluez' 'bluez-cups' 'bluez-devel' 'bluez-devel-32bit' 'bluez-firmware' 'bluez-qt-devel' 'bluez-qt-imports' 'bluez-qt-udev' 'bluez-test' 'bluez-tools' 'bmake' 'bmon' 'bogofilter-common' 'bogofilter-db' 'bogofilter-doc' 'bogofilter-sqlite3' 'boinc-client' 'boinc-client-devel' 'boinc-client-doc' 'boinc-client-lang' 'boinc-manager' 'boinc-manager-lang' 'bomber' 'bomber-lang' 'bomberclone' 'bombono' 'bombono' 'bombono-debuginfo' 'bombono-debugsource' 'bombono-lang' 'bomi' 'bomi' 'bomi-debuginfo' 'bomi-debugsource' 'bomns' 'bonk' 'bonk' 'bonk-debuginfo' 'bonnie' 'bonnie++' 'boo' 'boo-2_0_9_3' 'boo-devel' 'books' 'books' 'boost-devel' 'boost-devel-32bit' 'boost-doc-html' 'boost-doc-man' 'boost-doc-pdf' 'boost-jam' 'boost-license1_54_0' 'boost-license1_58_0' 'boost-license1_61_0' 'boost_1_58_0-devel' 'boost_1_58_0-devel-32bit' 'boost_1_58_0-doc-html' 'boost_1_58_0-doc-pdf' 'boost_1_61-devel' 'boost_1_61-devel-32bit' 'boost_1_61-doc-html' 'boost_1_61-doc-pdf' 'boost_1_61-quickbook' 'bootchart' 'bootcycle' 'booth' 'booth-test' 'bootp-DD2' 'bootsplash-branding-KDE' 'bootsplash-branding-upstream' 'borgbackup' 'borgmatic' 'bouncycastle' 'bouncycastle-javadoc' 'bovo' 'bovo-lang' 'bpg-fonts' 'bpm-tools' 'bpmdj' 'bpmdj' 'bpmdj-debuginfo' 'bpmdj-debugsource' 'bpython' 'branding-openSUSE' 'branding-upstream' 'brasero' 'brasero-devel' 'brasero-lang' 'brasero-nautilus' 'breeze' 'breeze4-style' 'breeze5-cursors' 'breeze5-decoration' 'breeze5-icons' 'breeze5-style' 'breeze5-style-lang' 'breeze5-wallpapers' 'brevity' 'bridge-utils' 'bridge-utils-devel' 'brise' 'brisk-menu' 'brisk-menu-lang' 'bristol' 'bristol' 'bristol-debuginfo' 'bristol-debugsource' 'brlapi-devel' 'brlapi-java' 'brlemu' 'brltty' 'brltty-driver-at-spi2' 'brltty-driver-brlapi' 'brltty-driver-espeak' 'brltty-driver-libbraille' 'brltty-driver-speech-dispatcher' 'brltty-driver-xwindow' 'brltty-lang' 'brltty-utils' 'broadcom-wl' 'broadcom-wl' 'broadcom-wl-debugsource' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-default' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-default-debuginfo' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-pv' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-pv-debuginfo' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-xen' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-xen-debuginfo' 'brp-check-suse' 'brp-extract-appdata' 'brp-trim-translations' 'bs' 'bs-update' 'bs2b-tools' 'bsd-games' 'bsdiff' 'bsdtar' 'bsf' 'bsf-javadoc' 'bsh' 'bsh-demo' 'bsh-javadoc' 'bsh-manual' 'bsh2' 'bsh2-bsf' 'bsh2-classgen' 'bsh2-demo' 'bsh2-javadoc' 'bsh2-manual' 'bsh2-src' 'bsod' 'bsod' 'bsod-debuginfo' 'bsod-debugsource' 'bspwm' 'btcflash' 'btrfs-extent-same' 'btrfsmaintenance' 'btrfsprogs' 'btrfsprogs-udev-rules' 'buffer' 'bugreporter' 'build' 'build' 'build-compare' 'build-initvm-i586' 'build-initvm-x86_64' 'build-mkbaselibs' 'build-mkdrpms' 'bulk_extractor' 'bumblebee' 'burn_360' 'burn_360' 'burncdda' 'burncdda' 'busybox' 'busybox-static' 'butt' 'butt' 'butt-debuginfo' 'butt-debugsource' 'buzztrax' 'buzztrax' 'buzztrax-debuginfo' 'buzztrax-debugsource' 'buzztrax-lang' 'buzztrax-plugins' 'buzztrax-plugins-debuginfo' 'bvi' 'bwbar' 'bwidget' 'byacc' 'byaccj' 'bytelist' 'byzanz' 'byzanz-lang' 'bzflag' 'bzip2' 'bzip2-doc' 'bzr' 'bzr-lang' 'bzr-test' 'bzrtp' 'bzrtp-debugsource' 'bzrtp-devel' 'c2hs' 'c_count' 'ca-certificates' 'ca-certificates-cacert' 'ca-certificates-mozilla' 'ca-certificates-mozilla' 'cab' 'cabal-install' 'cabal-rpm' 'cabextract' 'caca-utils' 'cachefilesd' 'cacti' 'cacti' 'cacti-doc' 'cacti-spine' 'cacti-spine' 'cadaver' 'caffeine' 'cairo-clock' 'cairo-clock-lang' 'cairo-devel' 'cairo-devel-32bit' 'cairo-tools' 'cairomm-devel' 'cairomm-devel-32bit' 'cairomm-doc' 'caja' 'caja-devel' 'caja-engrampa' 'caja-extension-actions' 'caja-extension-actions-devel' 'caja-extension-actions-doc' 'caja-extension-actions-lang' 'caja-extension-atril' 'caja-extension-dropbox' 'caja-extension-folder-color' 'caja-extension-gksu' 'caja-extension-image-converter' 'caja-extension-nextcloud' 'caja-extension-nitroshare' 'caja-extension-open-terminal' 'caja-extension-sendto' 'caja-extension-sendto-devel' 'caja-extension-sendto-gajim' 'caja-extension-sendto-pidgin' 'caja-extension-sendto-upnp' 'caja-extension-share' 'caja-extension-wallpaper' 'caja-extension-xattr-tags' 'caja-extension-xreader' 'caja-extensions-common-lang' 'caja-gschemas' 'caja-lang' 'cal10n' 'cal10n-javadoc' 'calamaris' 'calc' 'calc-devel' 'calcurse' 'calcurse-lang' 'calendarsupport' 'calendarsupport-devel' 'calendarsupport-lang' 'calf' 'calf' 'calf-debuginfo' 'calf-debugsource' 'calibre' 'calibre' 'calligra' 'calligra-braindump' 'calligra-devel' 'calligra-doc' 'calligra-extras-converter' 'calligra-extras-dolphin' 'calligra-extras-okular' 'calligra-karbon' 'calligra-lang' 'calligra-plan' 'calligra-sheets' 'calligra-stage' 'calligra-tools' 'calligra-words' 'camlistore-daemon' 'camlistore-utils' 'camsource' 'camsource-devel' 'canberra-gtk-play' 'canberra-gtk-play-gnome' 'canna' 'canna-devel' 'canna-libs' 'canna-libs-32bit' 'canna-yubin' 'cannadic' 'cantarell-fonts' 'cantor' 'cantor-devel' 'cantor-lang' 'canutils' 'canutils-linuxcan' 'capi4hylafax' 'capi4linux' 'capi4linux-32bit' 'capi4linux-devel' 'capi4linux-devel-32bit' 'capifax' 'capifax' 'capifax-debuginfo' 'capifax-debugsource' 'cardpeek' 'cargo' 'caribou' 'caribou-common' 'caribou-devel' 'caribou-gtk-module-common' 'caribou-gtk2-module' 'caribou-gtk3-module' 'caribou-lang' 'carla' 'carla' 'carla-debuginfo' 'carla-debugsource' 'carla-devel' 'carla-vst' 'caslon-fonts' 'catcodec' 'catdoc' 'catdoc' 'caudec' 'caudec' 'cava' 'cblas-devel' 'cblas-devel-32bit' 'cblas-devel-static' 'ccache' 'ccaudio2' 'ccaudio2-devel' 'ccaudio2-devel-32bit' 'ccaudio2-doc' 'ccd2cue' 'ccd2cue-doc' 'ccd2iso' 'ccd2iso' 'ccd2iso-debuginfo' 'ccd2iso-debugsource' 'ccgfs' 'cclive' 'cclive' 'cclive-debuginfo' 'cclive-debugsource' 'ccrtp-devel' 'ccrtp-doc' 'ccrypt' 'ccscript3-devel' 'ccscript3-modules' 'ccze' 'ccze-devel' 'cd-discid' 'cd-paranoia' 'cdctl' 'cdctl' 'cdctl-debuginfo' 'cdctl-debugsource' 'cdda2wav' 'cddlib-devel' 'cdecl' 'cdemu-client' 'cdemu-client-lang' 'cdemu-daemon' 'cdi2iso' 'cdi2iso' 'cdi2iso-debuginfo' 'cdio-utils' 'cdk-devel' 'cdparanoia' 'cdparanoia-devel' 'cdrdao' 'cdrecord' 'cdrkit-cdrtools-compat' 'cdrkit-devel-static' 'cdrskin' 'cdrtools' 'cec-client' 'cec-client-debuginfo' 'cecilia' 'cedict' 'cedilla' 'cellwriter' 'celt' 'celt051' 'celt051-devel' 'ceph' 'ceph' 'ceph-base' 'ceph-common' 'ceph-deploy' 'ceph-fuse' 'ceph-mds' 'ceph-mgr' 'ceph-mon' 'ceph-osd' 'ceph-radosgw' 'ceph-resource-agents' 'ceph-test' 'ceph-test' 'cereal-devel' 'certbot' 'certbot-doc' 'cervisia' 'cervisia-lang' 'cetcd-devel' 'cfengine' 'cfengine-doc' 'cfengine-examples' 'cfengine-masterfiles' 'cfitsio' 'cfitsio-devel' 'cfitsio-devel-doc' 'cfityk' 'cflow' 'cg' 'cg-32bit' 'cg-devel' 'cgal-demo-examples-devel' 'cgal-devel' 'cgal-doc' 'cgdb' 'cgdcbxd' 'cgit' 'cglib' 'cglib-javadoc' 'chameleon' 'charybdis' 'chasen' 'chasen-devel' 'chck-devel' 'check-create-certificate' 'check-devel' 'checkbashisms' 'checkmedia' 'checkpolicy' 'cheese' 'cheese-devel' 'cheese-lang' 'cheesetracker' 'cheesetracker' 'cheesetracker-debuginfo' 'cheesetracker-debugsource' 'chemical-mime-data' 'cherrytree' 'cherrytree-lang' 'chessx' 'chessx' 'chessx-debuginfo' 'chessx-debugsource' 'chewing-data' 'chewing-utils' 'chmlib-devel' 'chmlib-devel-32bit' 'chmlib-examples' 'chocolate-doom' 'choqok' 'choqok-devel' 'chromaprint' 'chromaprint-debugsource' 'chromaprint-fpcalc' 'chromaprint-fpcalc-debuginfo' 'chrome-gnome-shell' 'chromedriver' 'chromium' 'chromium' 'chromium-bsu' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra-debuginfo' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra-debugsource' 'chromium-plugin-widevinecdm' 'chromium-plugin-widevinecdm' 'chrony' 'chrpath' 'cifs-utils' 'cifs-utils' 'cifs-utils-devel' 'cim-schema' 'cimple' 'cimple-cmpi-adapter' 'cimple-devel' 'cimple-pegasus-adapter' 'cinnamon' 'cinnamon-control-center' 'cinnamon-control-center-common' 'cinnamon-control-center-devel' 'cinnamon-control-center-lang' 'cinnamon-gschemas' 'cinnamon-gschemas-branding-openSUSE' 'cinnamon-gschemas-branding-upstream' 'cinnamon-metatheme-numix' 'cinnamon-screensaver' 'cinnamon-session' 'cinnamon-session-lang' 'cinnamon-settings-daemon' 'cinnamon-settings-daemon-devel' 'cinnamon-settings-daemon-lang' 'cinnamon-themes' 'cinnamon-translations' 'circuslinux' 'cjs' 'cjs-devel' 'ckermit' 'ckermit-doc' 'clamav' 'clamav' 'clamz' 'clanlib' 'clanlib-devel' 'clanlib-doc' 'clanlib-examples' 'classpathx-mail' 'classpathx-mail-javadoc' 'classworlds' 'classworlds-javadoc' 'claws-mail' 'claws-mail-devel' 'claws-mail-lang' 'clawsker' 'clawsker' 'clawsker-lang' 'cld2-devel' 'clementine' 'clicfs' 'clinfo' 'clipboard' 'clipgrab' 'clipgrab' 'clipgrab-debuginfo' 'clipgrab-debugsource' 'clisp' 'clisp-doc' 'clive' 'clive' 'clive-utils' 'clive-utils' 'clivefeed' 'clivepass' 'clivescan' 'cln' 'cln-devel' 'cloog-isl' 'cloog-isl-devel' 'cloog-isl-devel-32bit' 'cloud-init' 'cloud-init' 'cloud-init-config-suse' 'cloud-init-doc' 'cloud-init-test' 'cloud-netconfig-azure' 'cloud-netconfig-azure' 'cloud-netconfig-ec2' 'cloud-netconfig-ec2' 'clpeak' 'clucene-core-devel' 'clucene-git' 'clucene-git-debugsource' 'cluster-glue' 'clustershell' 'clustershell' 'clusterssh' 'clutter-devel' 'clutter-gst-devel' 'clutter-gst2-devel' 'clutter-gtk-devel' 'clutter-gtk-lang' 'clutter-lang' 'clzip' 'cm-unicode-fonts' 'cmake' 'cmake-gui' 'cmake-man' 'cmark' 'cmark-devel' 'cmatrix' 'cmis-client' 'cmpi-bindings-perl' 'cmpi-bindings-pywbem' 'cmpi-bindings-ruby' 'cmpi-bindings-ruby-doc' 'cmpi-provider-register' 'cmpi-pywbem-base' 'cmpi-pywbem-power-management' 'cmpi-pywbem-software' 'cmuclmtk' 'cmus' 'cmus' 'cmus-debuginfo' 'cmus-debugsource' 'cmus-plugin-aac' 'cmus-plugin-aac-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-cdio' 'cmus-plugin-cdio-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-cue' 'cmus-plugin-cue-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-ffmpeg' 'cmus-plugin-ffmpeg-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-mad' 'cmus-plugin-mad-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-modplug' 'cmus-plugin-modplug-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-mpc' 'cmus-plugin-mpc-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-opus' 'cmus-plugin-opus-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-pulse' 'cmus-plugin-pulse-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-roar' 'cmus-plugin-roar-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-wavpack' 'cmus-plugin-wavpack-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugins-all' 'cntlm' 'cobbler' 'cobbler' 'cobbler-tests' 'cobbler-web' 'coccigrep' 'coccinelle' 'codec2' 'codec2-devel' 'codec2-examples' 'codelite' 'cogl-devel' 'cogl-lang' 'colcmp' 'collectd' 'collectd-plugin-dbi' 'collectd-plugin-ipmi' 'collectd-plugin-java' 'collectd-plugin-memcachec' 'collectd-plugin-mysql' 'collectd-plugin-notify-desktop' 'collectd-plugin-pinba' 'collectd-plugin-postgresql' 'collectd-plugin-python' 'collectd-plugin-snmp' 'collectd-plugin-virt' 'collectd-plugins-all' 'collectd-spamassassin' 'collectd-web' 'collectd-web-js' 'collectl' 'colm-devel' 'color-filesystem' 'colorblind-devel' 'colord' 'colord-gtk' 'colord-gtk-lang' 'colord-kde' 'colord-kde-lang' 'colord-lang' 'colordiff' 'colorhug-client' 'colorhug-client-lang' 'colormake' 'comgt' 'comgt' 'comgt-debuginfo' 'comgt-debugsource' 'comix' 'comix-lang' 'command-not-found' 'commoncpp2-devel' 'commoncpp2-doc' 'compartm' 'compat-32bit' 'compat-openssl098' 'compat-readline4' 'compcache' 'compface' 'compface-devel' 'compicc' 'compiz' 'compiz-bcop' 'compiz-branding-SLED' 'compiz-branding-openSUSE' 'compiz-branding-upstream' 'compiz-devel' 'compiz-emerald' 'compiz-emerald-devel' 'compiz-emerald-lang' 'compiz-emerald-theme-manager' 'compiz-emerald-themes' 'compiz-gnome' 'compiz-lang' 'compiz-manager' 'compiz-plugins' 'compiz-plugins-experimental' 'compiz-plugins-experimental-devel' 'compiz-plugins-experimental-lang' 'compiz-plugins-extra' 'compiz-plugins-extra-devel' 'compiz-plugins-extra-lang' 'compiz-plugins-main' 'compiz-plugins-main-devel' 'compiz-plugins-main-lang' 'compizconfig-settings-manager' 'compizconfig-settings-manager-common' 'compizconfig-settings-manager-lang' 'compositeproto-devel' 'compton' 'compton-conf' 'compton-conf-lang' 'concurrent' 'concurrent-javadoc' 'conduit' 'conduit-lang' 'conglomerate' 'conglomerate-doc' 'conglomerate-lang' 'conkeror' 'conky' 'conky' 'conky-debuginfo' 'conky-debugsource' 'conky-doc' 'conman' 'connect' 'connect' 'conntrack-tools' 'console' 'console-setup' 'containerd' 'containerd' 'containerd-ctr' 'containerd-test' 'converseen' 'converseen-lang' 'convmv' 'cool-retro-term' 'coolkey' 'coolkey' 'coolkey-32bit' 'coolkey-devel' 'copy-agent' 'copy-agent' 'copy-agent-gnome' 'copy-agent-mate' 'corebird' 'corebird-lang' 'coreboot-utils' 'coreutils' 'coreutils' 'coreutils-lang' 'coreutils-testsuite' 'coreutils-testsuite' 'corosync' 'corosync' 'corosync-testagents' 'courier-authlib' 'courier-authlib-devel' 'courier-authlib-ldap' 'courier-authlib-mysql' 'courier-authlib-pgsql' 'courier-authlib-pipe' 'courier-authlib-sqlite' 'courier-authlib-userdb' 'courier-imap' 'courier-unicode-devel' 'courier-unicode-doc' 'cowsay' 'cpanspec' 'cpdvd' 'cpdvd' 'cpio' 'cpio-lang' 'cpmono_v07-fonts' 'cpp' 'cpp48' 'cpp5' 'cpp6' 'cpp7' 'cppcheck' 'cppcheck-gui' 'cppdb-devel' 'cppdb-doc' 'cpphs' 'cppi' 'cppi-lang' 'cpprest-devel' 'cpptasks' 'cpptasks-javadoc' 'cppunit' 'cppunit-devel' 'cppunit-devel-32bit' 'cppunit-devel-doc' 'cppzmq-devel' 'cppzmq-devel' 'cpuid' 'cpulimit' 'cpupower' 'cpupower' 'cpupower-bench' 'cpupower-devel' 'cpuset' 'cpustat' 'cpvts' 'cpvts' 'cracklib' 'cracklib-devel' 'cracklib-devel-32bit' 'cracklib-dict-full' 'cracklib-dict-small' 'crafty' 'crafty' 'crafty-debuginfo' 'cram' 'crash' 'crash' 'crash-devel' 'crash-doc' 'crash-eppic' 'crash-gcore' 'crash-kmp-default' 'crawl' 'crawl-data' 'crawl-sdl' 'crda' 'create-resources' 'createrepo' 'createrepo_c' 'criu' 'criu-devel' 'crmsh' 'crmsh-scripts' 'crmsh-test' 'cron' 'cronic' 'cronie' 'cronie-anacron' 'cross-aarch64-binutils' 'cross-aarch64-binutils' 'cross-aarch64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-aarch64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-arm-binutils' 'cross-arm-binutils' 'cross-armv6hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-armv6hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-armv7hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-armv7hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-avr-binutils' 'cross-avr-binutils' 'cross-hppa-binutils' 'cross-hppa-binutils' 'cross-hppa-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-hppa64-binutils' 'cross-hppa64-binutils' 'cross-i386-binutils' 'cross-i386-binutils' 'cross-i386-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-i386-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ia64-binutils' 'cross-ia64-binutils' 'cross-ia64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ia64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-m68k-binutils' 'cross-m68k-binutils' 'cross-mips-binutils' 'cross-mips-binutils' 'cross-nvptx-gcc7' 'cross-nvptx-gcc7' 'cross-nvptx-newlib7-devel' 'cross-ppc-binutils' 'cross-ppc-binutils' 'cross-ppc-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64-binutils' 'cross-ppc64-binutils' 'cross-ppc64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64le-binutils' 'cross-ppc64le-binutils' 'cross-ppc64le-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64le-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390-binutils' 'cross-s390-binutils' 'cross-s390-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390x-binutils' 'cross-s390x-binutils' 'cross-s390x-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390x-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-sparc-binutils' 'cross-sparc-binutils' 'cross-sparc64-binutils' 'cross-sparc64-binutils' 'cross-spu-binutils' 'cross-spu-binutils' 'cross-x86_64-binutils' 'crosstool-ng' 'crudini' 'cryptconfig' 'cryptconfig-32bit' 'cryptctl' 'cryptctl' 'cryptsetup' 'crystalhd-firmware' 'cscope' 'csindex' 'csmash' 'csmith' 'csound' 'csound-devel' 'csvprintf' 'csync' 'csync2' 'ctags' 'ctdb' 'ctdb-tests' 'cttop' 'cudd-devel' 'cuetools' 'cuetools' 'cuetools-debuginfo' 'cuetools-debugsource' 'culmus-ancient-semitic-fonts' 'culmus-fonts' 'cunit-devel' 'cunit-doc' 'cups' 'cups' 'cups-airprint' 'cups-backends' 'cups-client' 'cups-ddk' 'cups-devel' 'cups-filters' 'cups-filters' 'cups-filters-cups-browsed' 'cups-filters-devel' 'cups-filters-foomatic-rip' 'cups-filters-ghostscript' 'cups-libs' 'cups-libs-32bit' 'cups-pdf' 'cups-pk-helper' 'cups-pk-helper-lang' 'curl' 'curl' 'curlew' 'curlew' 'curlew-lang' 'curlftpfs' 'cutecom' 'cutmp3' 'cutmp3' 'cutmp3-debuginfo' 'cutmp3-debugsource' 'cutmp3-doc' 'cv' 'cvs' 'cvs' 'cvs-doc' 'cvs2svn' 'cvsps' 'cxref' 'cxsc' 'cxsc-devel' 'cxxtools-devel' 'cyradm' 'cyreal-alice-fonts' 'cyreal-junge-fonts' 'cyreal-lobster-cyrillic-fonts' 'cyreal-lora-fonts' 'cyreal-marko-horobchyk-fonts' 'cyreal-marmelad-fonts' 'cyreal-wire-fonts' 'cyrus-imapd' 'cyrus-imapd-devel' 'cyrus-imapd-snmp' 'cyrus-imapd-snmp-mibs' 'cyrus-imapd-utils' 'cyrus-sasl' 'cyrus-sasl' 'cyrus-sasl-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-crammd5' 'cyrus-sasl-crammd5-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-devel' 'cyrus-sasl-devel-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-digestmd5' 'cyrus-sasl-digestmd5-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-gs2' 'cyrus-sasl-gssapi' 'cyrus-sasl-gssapi-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-ldap-auxprop' 'cyrus-sasl-ldap-auxprop-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-ntlm' 'cyrus-sasl-otp' 'cyrus-sasl-otp-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-plain' 'cyrus-sasl-plain-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-saslauthd' 'cyrus-sasl-saslauthd' 'cyrus-sasl-scram' 'cyrus-sasl-sqlauxprop' 'cyrus-sasl-sqlauxprop-32bit' 'czmq' 'czmq-devel' 'd-feet' 'd-feet-lang' 'd0_blind_id' 'd0_blind_id-devel' 'dSFMT-devel' 'dai-banna-fonts' 'damageproto-devel' 'dante' 'dante-devel' 'dante-devel-32bit' 'dante-server' 'dapl' 'dapl-debug' 'dapl-debug-devel' 'dapl-debug-libs' 'dapl-debug-utils' 'dapl-devel' 'dapl-devel-32bit' 'dapl-doc' 'dapl-utils' 'daps' 'dar' 'dar-lang' 'darcs' 'darkice' 'darkice' 'darkice-debuginfo' 'darkice-debugsource' 'darktable' 'darktable' 'darktable-doc' 'darts' 'dash' 'dasher' 'dasher-data-extras' 'dasher-data-recommended' 'dasher-lang' 'dataquay' 'datefudge' 'dateutils' 'datovka' 'datovka' 'db45-doc' 'db45-utils' 'db45-utils-doc' 'db48-doc' 'db48-utils' 'dbench' 'dbench4' 'dbh-devel' 'dblatex' 'dbsplit-tools' 'dbus-1' 'dbus-1-devel' 'dbus-1-devel-32bit' 'dbus-1-devel-doc' 'dbus-1-glib' 'dbus-1-glib-32bit' 'dbus-1-glib-devel' 'dbus-1-glib-devel-32bit' 'dbus-1-glib-doc' 'dbus-1-mono' 'dbus-1-presage' 'dbus-1-python' 'dbus-1-python-devel' 'dbus-1-python3' 'dbus-1-python3-devel' 'dbus-1-qt3' 'dbus-1-qt3-32bit' 'dbus-1-qt3-devel' 'dbus-1-x11' 'dbus-sharp' 'dbus-sharp-devel' 'dbus-sharp-glib' 'dbus-sharp-glib-devel' 'dbus-sharp-glib2' 'dbus-sharp-glib2-devel' 'dbus-sharp2' 'dbus-sharp2-devel' 'dbusxml2qt3' 'dbview' 'dc3dd' 'dc3dd-lang' 'dcadec' 'dcadec' 'dcadec-debuginfo' 'dcadec-debugsource' 'dcaenc' 'dcaenc' 'dcaenc-debuginfo' 'dcaenc-debugsource' 'dcatools' 'dcatools' 'dcatools-debuginfo' 'dcatools-debugsource' 'dcmtk' 'dcmtk-devel' 'dconf' 'dconf-devel' 'dconf-editor' 'dconf-editor-lang' 'dcraw' 'dcraw-lang' 'dd_rescue' 'dd_rhelp' 'ddccontrol' 'ddccontrol-db' 'ddccontrol-db-lang' 'ddccontrol-devel' 'ddccontrol-doc' 'ddccontrol-gtk' 'ddccontrol-lang' 'ddclient' 'ddd' 'ddd-doc' 'ddpt' 'dds2tar' 'ddskk' 'deadbeef' 'deadbeef' 'deadbeef-debuginfo' 'deadbeef-debugsource' 'deadbeef-devel' 'deadbeef-lang' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2-debuginfo' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2-debugsource' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier-debuginfo' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier-debugsource' 'deadbeef-plugins-extra' 'deadbeef-plugins-extra-debuginfo' 'debhelper' 'debootstrap' 'dee-devel' 'deepin-gsettings' 'deepin-media-player' 'deepin-media-player' 'deepin-media-player-lang' 'deepin-music-player' 'deepin-music-player-lang' 'deepin-tool-kit' 'deepin-ui' 'deepin-utils' 'dehydrated' 'dehydrated-apache2' 'dehydrated-lighttpd' 'dehydrated-nginx' 'deja-dup' 'deja-dup-lang' 'dejagnu' 'dejavu-fonts' 'delaguardo-inconsolata_lgc-fonts' 'delayacct-utils' 'delta' 'deltafs' 'deltarpm' 'deluge' 'deluge-lang' 'derive' 'desktop-data-openSUSE' 'desktop-data-openSUSE-extra' 'desktop-file-utils' 'desktop-translations' 'deutex' 'dev86' 'devede' 'devede' 'devede-lang' 'devedeng' 'devedeng' 'devedeng-lang' 'devel_C_C++' 'devel_basis' 'devel_gnome' 'devel_ide' 'devel_java' 'devel_kde' 'devel_kde_frameworks' 'devel_kernel' 'devel_mono' 'devel_perl' 'devel_python' 'devel_python3' 'devel_qt4' 'devel_qt5' 'devel_rpm_build' 'devel_ruby' 'devel_tcl' 'devel_web' 'devel_yast' 'devhelp' 'devhelp-devel' 'devhelp-lang' 'device-mapper' 'device-mapper-32bit' 'device-mapper-devel' 'device-mapper-devel-32bit' 'devidify' 'devidify' 'devilspie2' 'devmem2' 'devscripts' 'dex' 'dfc' 'dfu-programmer' 'dh-autoreconf' 'dh-make' 'dhcp' 'dhcp' 'dhcp-client' 'dhcp-devel' 'dhcp-doc' 'dhcp-relay' 'dhcp-server' 'dhcp-tools' 'dhcp_dns_server' 'dhcpdetector' 'dhcpdetector' 'di' 'di' 'di-debuginfo' 'di-debugsource' 'dia' 'dia-lang' 'dialog' 'dialog-devel' 'dialog-examples' 'dianara' 'dicts' 'dietlibc' 'diff-pdf' 'diffmk' 'diffoscope' 'diffoscope' 'diffstat' 'diffutils' 'digiKam' 'digikam' 'digikam-doc' 'digikam-lang' 'dina-bitmap-fonts' 'ding' 'ding-dict-de_en' 'dirac' 'dirac-devel' 'dirac-devel-32bit' 'dirac-doc' 'dirdiff' 'directory_server' 'dirmngr' 'dirmngr-lang' 'dirvish' 'discount' 'discover' 'discover-lang' 'discover-plasmoid' 'diskimage-builder' 'diskscan' 'distcc' 'distcc-gui' 'distcc-server' 'dita' 'dita-ot' 'djvu2pdf' 'djvulibre' 'djvulibre-djview4' 'djvulibre-doc' 'djvusmooth' 'djvusmooth-lang' 'dkimproxy' 'dkms' 'dkms' 'dleyna-connector-dbus' 'dleyna-core-devel' 'dleyna-renderer' 'dleyna-renderer-devel' 'dleyna-server' 'dleyna-server-devel' 'dmapi-devel' 'dmenu' 'dmidecode' 'dmraid' 'dmraid' 'dmtcp' 'dmtcp-devel' 'dmxproto-devel' 'dmz-icon-theme-cursors' 'dnsmasq' 'dnsmasq' 'dnsmasq-utils' 'doc-gnu-ko' 'docbook-css-stylesheets' 'docbook-dsssl-stylesheets' 'docbook-simple' 'docbook-tdg' 'docbook-toys' 'docbook-utils' 'docbook-utils-minimal' 'docbook-xml-slides' 'docbook-xml-website' 'docbook-xsl-stylesheets' 'docbook-xsl-stylesheets-scripts' 'docbook2x' 'docbook2x-doc' 'docbook5-xsl-stylesheets' 'docbook_3' 'docbook_4' 'docbook_5' 'docker' 'docker' 'docker-bash-completion' 'docker-compose' 'docker-distribution' 'docker-distribution-registry' 'docker-img-store-setup' 'docker-img-store-setup' 'docker-libnetwork' 'docker-runc' 'docker-runc' 'docker-runc-test' 'docker-test' 'docker-zsh-completion' 'docky' 'docky-devel' 'docky-lang' 'doctest' 'dogtail' 'dolphin' 'dolphin-devel' 'dolphin-part' 'dolphin-part-lang' 'dolphin-plugins' 'dolphin-plugins-lang' 'dom2-core-tests' 'dom4j' 'dom4j-demo' 'dom4j-javadoc' 'dom4j-manual' 'domination' 'domination-data' 'doomsday' 'doomsday' 'doomsday-launcher' 'dos2unix' 'dosbox' 'dosemu' 'dosfstools' 'dotconf' 'dotconf-devel' 'double-conversion-devel' 'dovecot' 'dovecot22' 'dovecot22' 'dovecot22-backend-mysql' 'dovecot22-backend-pgsql' 'dovecot22-backend-sqlite' 'dovecot22-devel' 'dovecot22-fts' 'dovecot22-fts-lucene' 'dovecot22-fts-solr' 'dovecot22-fts-squat' 'doxygen' 'doxygen-doc' 'doxywizard' 'dpdk' 'dpdk' 'dpdk-devel' 'dpdk-doc' 'dpdk-examples' 'dpdk-kmp-default' 'dpdk-tools' 'dpic' 'dpic-doc' 'dpkg' 'dpkg-devel' 'dpkg-lang' 'drac' 'dracut' 'dracut' 'dracut-fips' 'dracut-kiwi-live' 'dracut-kiwi-overlay' 'dracut-tools' 'dragonplayer' 'dragonplayer-lang' 'drbd' 'drbd' 'drbd-kmp-default' 'drbd-utils' 'drbd-utils' 'dri2proto-devel' 'dri3proto-devel' 'driconf' 'drkonqi5' 'drm' 'drm-kmp-default' 'dropbox' 'drops' 'drracket' 'drumstick' 'drwright' 'drwright-lang' 'dsmidiwifi' 'dsmidiwifi' 'dsmidiwifi-debuginfo' 'dssi' 'dssi-devel' 'dssi-linuxsampler' 'dssi-linuxsampler-debuginfo' 'dstat' 'dt' 'dtb-source' 'dtc' 'dtv-scan-tables' 'dtv-scan-tables-v5' 'dump' 'dunelegacy' 'dunst' 'duperemove' 'duplicity' 'duply' 'dustrac' 'dv2sub' 'dv2sub' 'dv2sub-debuginfo' 'dv2sub-debugsource' 'dvb' 'dvb-devel' 'dvb-utils' 'dvbsnoop' 'dvd+rw-tools' 'dvd-slideshow' 'dvd-slideshow' 'dvdauthor' 'dvdauthor' 'dvdauthor-debuginfo' 'dvdauthor-debugsource' 'dvdauthor07' 'dvdauthor07' 'dvdauthor07-debuginfo' 'dvdauthor07-debugsource' 'dvdbackup' 'dvdbackup' 'dvdbackup-debuginfo' 'dvdbackup-debugsource' 'dvdinfo' 'dvdinfo' 'dvdinfo-debuginfo' 'dvdisaster' 'dvdisaster' 'dvdisaster-debuginfo' 'dvdisaster-debugsource' 'dvdisaster-docs' 'dvdrip' 'dvdrip' 'dvdrip-debuginfo' 'dvdshrink' 'dvdshrink' 'dvdwizard' 'dvdwizard' 'dvgrab' 'dvgt' 'dvswitch-git' 'dvswitch-git' 'dvswitch-git-client' 'dvswitch-git-client-debuginfo' 'dvswitch-git-debuginfo' 'dvswitch-git-debugsource' 'dvswitch-git-test' 'dvswitch-git-test-debuginfo' 'dwarves' 'dwz' 'dx' 'dx-data' 'dx-devel' 'dx-doc' 'dxflib-devel' 'dxirc' 'dxirc' 'dxirc-debuginfo' 'dxirc-debugsource' 'dynamic-wallpapers-11x' 'dynamips' 'dzen2' 'e16' 'e2fsprogs' 'e2fsprogs-devel' 'e3' 'eaglemode' 'easy-rsa' 'easytag' 'easytag-lang' 'eatmydata' 'eb' 'eb-devel' 'eb-garamond-fonts' 'eb-lang' 'ebiso' 'ebizzy' 'eblook' 'eboard' 'eboard' 'eboard-debuginfo' 'ebook-tools' 'ebtables' 'ebur128' 'ebur128-debugsource' 'ecasound' 'ecasound' 'ecasound-debuginfo' 'ecasound-debugsource' 'ecasound-doc' 'echomixer' 'eciadsl-usermode' 'ecj' 'ecj-bootstrap' 'eclipse-swt' 'ecryptfs-utils' 'ecryptfs-utils' 'ecryptfs-utils-32bit' 'ed' 'edgar' 'edict' 'editorconfig' 'editorconfig-core-c' 'editres' 'edje' 'eekboard' 'eekboard-devel' 'eeyek-fonts' 'efibootmgr' 'efivar' 'efivar-devel' 'efl' 'efl-devel' 'efl-examples' 'efl-testsuite' 'efont-serif-fonts' 'efont-unicode-bitmap-fonts' 'eiciel' 'eiciel-lang' 'eigen3-devel' 'ekiga' 'ekiga-lang' 'ekiga-plugins-evolution' 'elektra' 'elektra-qt-gui' 'elementary' 'elementary-cmake-modules' 'elementary-examples' 'elementary-icon-theme' 'elemines' 'elftoaout' 'elfutils' 'elib' 'elilo' 'elinks' 'ell-devel' 'elpa-devel' 'elpa-devel-static' 'elpa-tests' 'elpa-tools' 'elua' 'emacs' 'emacs' 'emacs-apel' 'emacs-auctex' 'emacs-color-theme' 'emacs-dash' 'emacs-el' 'emacs-flim' 'emacs-haskell-mode' 'emacs-info' 'emacs-nox' 'emacs-vm' 'emacs-w3' 'emacs-with-editor' 'emacs-x11' 'embryo' 'emil' 'emojione-color-font' 'emount' 'emount' 'emount-debuginfo' 'emount-debugsource' 'empathy' 'empathy' 'empathy' 'empathy-lang' 'enblend-enfuse' 'enca' 'enca-devel' 'encfs' 'encfs-lang' 'enchant-devel' 'enchant-tools' 'enchant-voikko' 'enchant-voikko-32bit' 'enchant-zemberek-32bit' 'endless-sky' 'enet-devel' 'engauge-digitizer' 'engauge-digitizer-doc' 'engdic' 'engine_pkcs11' 'engrampa' 'engrampa-lang' 'enhanced_base' 'enigmail' 'enigmail' 'enlightenment' 'enlightenment' 'enlightenment-branding-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-branding-upstream' 'enlightenment-devel' 'enlightenment-doc-html' 'enlightenment-profiles-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-theme-cerium2' 'enlightenment-theme-dark' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE-ice' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE-oliveleaf' 'enlightenment-theme-upstream' 'enlightenment-x-dark-icon-theme' 'enscript' 'entangle' 'entangle-doc' 'entangle-lang' 'entangle-plugin-photobox' 'entangle-plugin-shooter' 'envoy' 'envy24control' 'eog' 'eog-devel' 'eog-lang' 'eog-plugin-exif-display' 'eog-plugin-export-to-folder' 'eog-plugin-fit-to-width' 'eog-plugin-fullscreenbg' 'eog-plugin-hide-titlebar' 'eog-plugin-light-theme' 'eog-plugin-map' 'eog-plugin-maximize-windows' 'eog-plugin-postasa' 'eog-plugin-pythonconsole' 'eog-plugin-send-by-mail' 'eog-plugin-slideshowshuffle' 'eog-plugins' 'eog-plugins-data' 'eog-plugins-lang' 'eom' 'eom-devel' 'eom-lang' 'eperiodique' 'epic' 'epiphany' 'epiphany-branding-openSUSE' 'epiphany-branding-upstream' 'epiphany-lang' 'epplet-base' 'epson-inkjet-printer-escpr' 'epydoc' 'epymc' 'epymc-lang' 'equalizer' 'equalizer' 'equalizer-debuginfo' 'equalizer-debugsource' 'equalizer-devel' 'equalizer-doc' 'equalx' 'erfa-devel' 'erfa-devel-static' 'eric5' 'eric5' 'eric5-api' 'erlang' 'erlang' 'erlang-debugger' 'erlang-debugger-src' 'erlang-dialyzer' 'erlang-dialyzer-src' 'erlang-diameter' 'erlang-diameter-src' 'erlang-doc' 'erlang-epmd' 'erlang-et' 'erlang-et-src' 'erlang-gs' 'erlang-gs-src' 'erlang-jinterface' 'erlang-jinterface-src' 'erlang-observer' 'erlang-observer-src' 'erlang-rabbitmq-client' 'erlang-rebar' 'erlang-rebar-src' 'erlang-reltool' 'erlang-reltool-src' 'erlang-retest' 'erlang-retest-src' 'erlang-sd_notify' 'erlang-src' 'erlang-wx' 'erlang-wx-src' 'esound-daemon' 'esound-utils' 'espeak' 'espeak-devel' 'espeak-gui' 'espeak-gui-lang' 'espeakedit' 'espresso' 'espresso-common' 'espresso-doc' 'espresso-openmpi' 'etags' 'etc-update' 'etcd' 'etcdctl' 'etckeeper' 'etckeeper-cron' 'etckeeper-zypp-plugin' 'etherape' 'ethtool' 'etrophy' 'etrophy-data' 'etrophy-devel' 'euca2ools' 'evas-generic-loaders' 'evemu' 'evemu-devel' 'eventstat' 'eventviews' 'eventviews-devel' 'eventviews-lang' 'evieproto-devel' 'evince' 'evince' 'evince-browser-plugin' 'evince-devel' 'evince-lang' 'evince-plugin-comicsdocument' 'evince-plugin-djvudocument' 'evince-plugin-dvidocument' 'evince-plugin-pdfdocument' 'evince-plugin-psdocument' 'evince-plugin-tiffdocument' 'evince-plugin-xpsdocument' 'evmctl' 'evolution' 'evolution' 'evolution-data-server' 'evolution-data-server' 'evolution-data-server-32bit' 'evolution-data-server-devel' 'evolution-data-server-doc' 'evolution-data-server-lang' 'evolution-devel' 'evolution-ews' 'evolution-ews-devel' 'evolution-ews-lang' 'evolution-lang' 'evolution-plugin-bogofilter' 'evolution-plugin-pst-import' 'evolution-plugin-rss' 'evolution-plugin-rss-lang' 'evolution-plugin-spamassassin' 'evtest' 'exaile' 'exaile-lang' 'execstack' 'exempi' 'exempi-tools' 'exercism' 'exfat-utils' 'exfat-utils' 'exfat-utils-debuginfo' 'exfat-utils-debugsource' 'exif' 'exiftool' 'exiftran' 'exim' 'exim' 'eximon' 'eximstats-html' 'exiv2' 'exiv2' 'exiv2-lang' 'exmh' 'exo-devel' 'exo-lang' 'exo-tools' 'exodusii-devel' 'expat' 'expat' 'expect' 'expect-devel' 'explain' 'ext3grep' 'ext4magic' 'extra-cmake-modules' 'extract-appdata-icons' 'extractor' 'extractor' 'extractor-debuginfo' 'extractor-debugsource' 'extractor-lang' 'extractor-plugins' 'extractor-plugins-debuginfo' 'extreme-tuxracer' 'extundelete' 'ez-ipupdate' 'ezstream' 'ezstream' 'ezstream-debuginfo' 'ezstream-debugsource' 'f2c' 'f2c-32bit' 'f2fs-tools' 'f2fs-tools-compat' 'f2fs-tools-devel' 'f3' 'fIcy' 'fIcy' 'fIcy-debuginfo' 'fIcy-debugsource' 'faac' 'faac' 'faac-debuginfo' 'faac-debugsource' 'faad2' 'faad2' 'faad2-debuginfo' 'faad2-debugsource' 'faba-icon-theme' 'fabtests' 'faenza-icon-theme' 'faenza-icon-theme-ambiance' 'faenza-icon-theme-dark' 'faenza-icon-theme-darker' 'faenza-icon-theme-darkest' 'faenza-icon-theme-mint' 'faenza-icon-theme-radiance' 'fail2ban' 'fakeroot' 'fakeroot-32bit' 'farsi-fonts' 'farstream-0_1' 'farstream-0_1-data' 'farstream-0_1-debugsource' 'farstream-0_1-devel' 'farstream-data' 'farstream-devel' 'fastjar' 'fastjet-devel' 'fastjet-plugin-siscone' 'fastjet-plugin-siscone-devel' 'fate' 'fate' 'fatrace' 'fatsort' 'fbdesk' 'fbdesk' 'fbdesk-debuginfo' 'fbdesk-debugsource' 'fbi' 'fbiterm' 'fbreader' 'fbterm' 'fcitx' 'fcitx-anthy' 'fcitx-branding-openSUSE' 'fcitx-chewing' 'fcitx-cloudpinyin' 'fcitx-config-gtk3' 'fcitx-devel' 'fcitx-fbterm' 'fcitx-googlepinyin' 'fcitx-gtk2' 'fcitx-gtk2-32bit' 'fcitx-gtk3' 'fcitx-gtk3-32bit' 'fcitx-hangul' 'fcitx-kkc' 'fcitx-libpinyin' 'fcitx-m17n' 'fcitx-mozc' 'fcitx-pinyin' 'fcitx-pinyin-tools' 'fcitx-pylogger' 'fcitx-qt4' 'fcitx-qt4-32bit' 'fcitx-qt5' 'fcitx-qt5-32bit' 'fcitx-qt5-devel' 'fcitx-quwei' 'fcitx-rime' 'fcitx-sayura' 'fcitx-skin-classic' 'fcitx-skin-dark' 'fcitx-skin-new-air' 'fcitx-skk' 'fcitx-sunpinyin' 'fcitx-table' 'fcitx-table-amharic' 'fcitx-table-arabic' 'fcitx-table-cn-bingchan' 'fcitx-table-cn-cangjie' 'fcitx-table-cn-cantonese' 'fcitx-table-cn-cns11643' 'fcitx-table-cn-dianbao' 'fcitx-table-cn-erbi' 'fcitx-table-cn-wanfeng' 'fcitx-table-cn-wu' 'fcitx-table-cn-wubi' 'fcitx-table-cn-wubi-large' 'fcitx-table-cn-wubi-pinyin' 'fcitx-table-cn-zhengma' 'fcitx-table-cn-zhengma-large' 'fcitx-table-cn-ziran' 'fcitx-table-emoji' 'fcitx-table-extra-lang' 'fcitx-table-hk-cantonese' 'fcitx-table-hk-jyutping' 'fcitx-table-hk-stroke5' 'fcitx-table-ipa-x-sampa' 'fcitx-table-latex' 'fcitx-table-malayalam-compose' 'fcitx-table-malayalam-phonetic' 'fcitx-table-other' 'fcitx-table-ru-rustrad' 'fcitx-table-ru-translit' 'fcitx-table-ru-yawerty' 'fcitx-table-t9' 'fcitx-table-tamil-remington' 'fcitx-table-thai' 'fcitx-table-tools' 'fcitx-table-tw-array30' 'fcitx-table-tw-array30-large' 'fcitx-table-tw-boshiamy' 'fcitx-table-tw-cangjie-large' 'fcitx-table-tw-cangjie3' 'fcitx-table-tw-cangjie5' 'fcitx-table-tw-easy-large' 'fcitx-table-tw-quick-classic' 'fcitx-table-tw-quick3' 'fcitx-table-tw-quick5' 'fcitx-table-tw-smart-cangjie6' 'fcitx-table-ua-translit' 'fcitx-table-vi-qr' 'fcitx-ui-light' 'fcitx-unikey' 'fcitx-zhuyin' 'fcoe-utils' 'fcwnn' 'fcwnn-devel' 'fcwnncom' 'fd0ssh' 'fdk-aac' 'fdk-aac-debugsource' 'fdk-aac-devel' 'fdupes' 'fedfs-utils-admin' 'fedfs-utils-client' 'fedfs-utils-common' 'fedfs-utils-devel' 'fedfs-utils-nsdbparams' 'fedfs-utils-server' 'feh' 'fence-agents' 'fence-agents-devel' 'festival' 'festival-devel' 'fetchmail' 'fetchmail' 'fetchmailconf' 'fetchmsttfonts' 'fetchmsttfonts' 'ffado' 'ffado-doc' 'ffado-mixer' 'ffcall' 'ffgtk' 'ffgtk' 'ffgtk-debuginfo' 'ffgtk-debugsource' 'ffhevc' 'ffhevc' 'ffmpeg' 'ffmpeg' 'ffmpeg-2.8' 'ffmpeg-2.8' 'ffmpeg-2.8-debuginfo' 'ffmpeg-2.8-debugsource' 'ffmpeg-3.2' 'ffmpeg-3.2' 'ffmpeg-3.2-debuginfo' 'ffmpeg-3.2-debugsource' 'ffmpeg2' 'ffmpeg2-devel' 'ffmpeg2theora' 'ffmpeg2theora' 'ffmpeg2theora-debuginfo' 'ffmpeg2theora-debugsource' 'ffmpegthumbnailer' 'ffmpegthumbnailer' 'ffmpegthumbnailer-debuginfo' 'ffmpegthumbnailer-debugsource' 'ffmpegthumbs' 'ffmpegyag' 'ffmpegyag' 'ffmpegyag-debuginfo' 'ffmpegyag-debugsource' 'ffms2' 'ffms2-debugsource' 'ffmsindex' 'ffmsindex-debuginfo' 'ffsb' 'fftw3-devel' 'fftw3-mpi-devel' 'fftw3-openmp-devel' 'fftw3-threads-devel' 'ffx264' 'ffx264' 'ffxvid' 'ffxvid' 'fhs' 'fifechan-devel' 'fifth-leg-font' 'figlet' 'file' 'file' 'file-devel' 'file-magic' 'file-roller' 'file-roller-lang' 'file_server' 'filebench' 'filelight' 'filelight-lang' 'filesystem' 'filezilla' 'filezilla-lang' 'fillets-ng' 'fillets-ng-data' 'fillup' 'finch' 'finch-devel' 'findbugs' 'findbugs-bcel' 'findbugs-bcel-javadoc' 'findbugs-javadoc' 'findbugs-tools' 'findutils' 'findutils-lang' 'fing' 'finger' 'finger-server' 'fio' 'fipscheck' 'fipscheck-devel' 'firebird' 'firebird-32bit' 'firebird-classic' 'firebird-devel' 'firebird-doc' 'firebird-superserver' 'firescope' 'firewall-applet' 'firewall-config' 'firewalld' 'firewalld-lang' 'firmwarekit' 'fish' 'fityk' 'fityk-devel' 'five-or-more' 'five-or-more-lang' 'fixesproto-devel' 'fkwnn' 'fkwnn-devel' 'flac' 'flac' 'flac-debuginfo' 'flac-debugsource' 'flac-devel' 'flac-devel-32bit' 'flac-doc' 'flacon' 'flacon' 'flacon-debuginfo' 'flacon-debugsource' 'flacon-lang' 'flamerobin' 'flannel' 'flare' 'flare-game' 'flash-player' 'flash-player' 'flash-player-gnome' 'flash-player-ppapi' 'flashrom' 'flashrom' 'flashrom-debuginfo' 'flashrom-debugsource' 'flatpak' 'flatpak' 'flatpak-builder' 'flatpak-devel' 'flex' 'flex-32bit' 'flex-old' 'flexdock' 'flickcurl' 'flickcurl-doc' 'flickrnet' 'flickrnet-devel' 'flim-xemacs' 'flint-devel' 'florence' 'florence-lang' 'flowblade' 'flowblade' 'flowblade-lang' 'flowgrind' 'fltk-devel' 'fltk-devel-32bit' 'fltk-devel-static' 'fluid-soundfont-gm' 'fluid-soundfont-gs' 'fluidsynth' 'fluidsynth-devel' 'fluidsynth-dssi' 'flute' 'flute-javadoc' 'fly' 'fnotifystat' 'focuswriter' 'folder-color-common' 'folder-color-common-lang' 'folks-devel' 'folks-lang' 'folks-tools' 'fondu' 'fonehome' 'fonehome-server' 'font-specimen' 'font-specimen-devel' 'font-util' 'fontawesome-fonts' 'fontawesome-fonts-web' 'fontcacheproto-devel' 'fontconfig' 'fontconfig-32bit' 'fontconfig-devel' 'fontconfig-devel-32bit' 'fontforge' 'fontforge-devel' 'fontforge-doc' 'fontpackages-devel' 'fonts' 'fonts-KanjiStrokeOrders' 'fonts-config' 'fontsproto-devel' 'fonttools' 'fonttosfnt' 'fontweak' 'forkbomb' 'forkstat' 'form' 'form-doc' 'fortune' 'fossil' 'fossil' 'fotowall' 'fotowall' 'fotowall-debuginfo' 'four-in-a-row' 'four-in-a-row-lang' 'fox16-devel' 'fox16-devel-static' 'fox16-doc' 'fox16-example-apps' 'fparser-devel' 'fpc' 'fpc' 'fpc-debuginfo' 'fpc-debugsource' 'fpc-doc' 'fpc-src' 'fping' 'fplll' 'fpm2' 'fpm2' 'fpm2-debuginfo' 'fpm2-debugsource' 'fpm2-lang' 'fprintd' 'fprintd-devel' 'fprintd-lang' 'fprintd-pam' 'fprintd-pam-32bit' 'frame' 'frame-devel' 'frameworkintegration-devel' 'frameworkintegration-devel-32bit' 'frameworkintegration-plugin' 'frameworkintegration-plugin-32bit' 'free-ttf-fonts' 'freealut-devel' 'freeciv' 'freeciv-gtk3' 'freedoom' 'freedup' 'freeglut-demo' 'freeglut-devel' 'freeglut-devel-32bit' 'freeimage' 'freeimage-devel' 'freeipmi' 'freeipmi-bmc-watchdog' 'freeipmi-devel' 'freeipmi-ipmidetectd' 'freenx-client' 'freepops' 'freepops' 'freepops-debuginfo' 'freepops-debugsource' 'freeradius-client' 'freeradius-client-devel' 'freeradius-client-libs' 'freeradius-server' 'freeradius-server' 'freeradius-server-devel' 'freeradius-server-doc' 'freeradius-server-krb5' 'freeradius-server-ldap' 'freeradius-server-libs' 'freeradius-server-mysql' 'freeradius-server-perl' 'freeradius-server-postgresql' 'freeradius-server-python' 'freeradius-server-sqlite' 'freeradius-server-utils' 'freerdp' 'freerdp' 'freerdp-devel' 'freeseer' 'freeseer' 'freeswitch' 'freeswitch' 'freeswitch-application-abstraction' 'freeswitch-application-abstraction-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-avmd' 'freeswitch-application-avmd-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-blacklist' 'freeswitch-application-blacklist-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-callcenter' 'freeswitch-application-callcenter-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-cidlookup' 'freeswitch-application-cidlookup-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-conference' 'freeswitch-application-conference-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-curl' 'freeswitch-application-curl-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-db' 'freeswitch-application-db-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-directory' 'freeswitch-application-directory-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-distributor' 'freeswitch-application-distributor-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-easyroute' 'freeswitch-application-easyroute-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-enum' 'freeswitch-application-enum-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-esf' 'freeswitch-application-esf-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-esl' 'freeswitch-application-esl-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-expr' 'freeswitch-application-expr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-fifo' 'freeswitch-application-fifo-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-fsk' 'freeswitch-application-fsk-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-fsv' 'freeswitch-application-fsv-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-hash' 'freeswitch-application-hash-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-httapi' 'freeswitch-application-httapi-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-http-cache' 'freeswitch-application-http-cache-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-lcr' 'freeswitch-application-lcr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-limit' 'freeswitch-application-limit-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-memcache' 'freeswitch-application-memcache-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-nibblebill' 'freeswitch-application-nibblebill-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-redis' 'freeswitch-application-redis-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-rss' 'freeswitch-application-rss-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-sms' 'freeswitch-application-sms-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-snapshot' 'freeswitch-application-snapshot-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-snom' 'freeswitch-application-snom-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-soundtouch' 'freeswitch-application-soundtouch-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-spy' 'freeswitch-application-spy-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-stress' 'freeswitch-application-stress-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-valet_parking' 'freeswitch-application-valet_parking-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail-ivr' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail-ivr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-flite' 'freeswitch-asrtts-flite-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-pocketsphinx' 'freeswitch-asrtts-pocketsphinx-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-tts-commandline' 'freeswitch-asrtts-tts-commandline-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-unimrcp' 'freeswitch-asrtts-unimrcp-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-bv' 'freeswitch-codec-bv-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-celt' 'freeswitch-codec-celt-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-codec2' 'freeswitch-codec-codec2-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-h26x' 'freeswitch-codec-h26x-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-ilbc' 'freeswitch-codec-ilbc-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-isac' 'freeswitch-codec-isac-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-mp4v' 'freeswitch-codec-mp4v-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-opus' 'freeswitch-codec-opus-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amr' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amrwb' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amrwb-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g723_1' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g723_1-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g729' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g729-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-silk' 'freeswitch-codec-silk-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-siren' 'freeswitch-codec-siren-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-speex' 'freeswitch-codec-speex-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-theora' 'freeswitch-codec-theora-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-config-vanilla' 'freeswitch-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-debugsource' 'freeswitch-devel' 'freeswitch-endpoint-dingaling' 'freeswitch-endpoint-dingaling-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-gsmopen' 'freeswitch-endpoint-gsmopen-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-portaudio' 'freeswitch-endpoint-portaudio-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-rtmp' 'freeswitch-endpoint-rtmp-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skinny' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skinny-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skypopen' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skypopen-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-mongodb' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-mongodb-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-pg-csv' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-pg-csv-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-sqlite' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-sqlite-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-erlang-event' 'freeswitch-event-erlang-event-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-json-cdr' 'freeswitch-event-json-cdr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-multicast' 'freeswitch-event-multicast-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-snmp' 'freeswitch-event-snmp-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-local-stream' 'freeswitch-format-local-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-mod-shout' 'freeswitch-format-mod-shout-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-native-file' 'freeswitch-format-native-file-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-portaudio-stream' 'freeswitch-format-portaudio-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-shell-stream' 'freeswitch-format-shell-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-tone-stream' 'freeswitch-format-tone-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-freetdm' 'freeswitch-freetdm-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-de' 'freeswitch-lang-de-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-en' 'freeswitch-lang-en-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-es' 'freeswitch-lang-es-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-fr' 'freeswitch-lang-fr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-he' 'freeswitch-lang-he-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-pt' 'freeswitch-lang-pt-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-ru' 'freeswitch-lang-ru-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lua' 'freeswitch-lua-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-perl' 'freeswitch-perl-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-python' 'freeswitch-python-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-spidermonkey' 'freeswitch-spidermonkey-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-timer-posix' 'freeswitch-timer-posix-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-xml-cdr' 'freeswitch-xml-cdr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-xml-curl' 'freeswitch-xml-curl-debuginfo' 'freetds-devel' 'freetds-doc' 'freetds-tools' 'freetuxtv' 'freetuxtv' 'freetuxtv-debuginfo' 'freetuxtv-debugsource' 'freetuxtv-devel' 'freetuxtv-lang' 'freetype' 'freetype-devel' 'freetype-tools' 'freetype2' 'freetype2-devel' 'freetype2-devel-32bit' 'freexl' 'freexl-devel' 'frei0r-plugins' 'frei0r-plugins' 'frei0r-plugins-devel' 'frei0r-plugins-opencv' 'freqtweak' 'frescobaldi' 'freshplayerplugin' 'freshplayerplugin' 'freshplayerplugin-debuginfo' 'freshplayerplugin-debugsource' 'fribidi' 'fribidi-32bit' 'fribidi-devel' 'frink' 'fritzing' 'fritzing-parts' 'frogr' 'frogr-lang' 'froxlor' 'frozen-bubble' 'frozen-bubble-lang' 'frozen-bubble-server' 'fruit21' 'fruit21' 'fruit21-debuginfo' 'fs-check' 'fs_mark' 'fsarchiver' 'fsharp' 'fslsfonts' 'fstobdf' 'fstrm' 'fstrm-devel' 'fsvs' 'fswebcam' 'ft2demos' 'ft2demos' 'ftgl-demo' 'ftgl-devel' 'ftop' 'ftp' 'ftsteutates' 'ftsteutates-kmp-default' 'ftsteutates-sensors' 'ftwnn' 'funkload' 'funny-manpages' 'funny-manpages' 'fuse' 'fuse-devel' 'fuse-devel-static' 'fuse-exfat' 'fuse-exfat' 'fuse-exfat-debuginfo' 'fuse-exfat-debugsource' 'fusecompress' 'fuseiso' 'fusepod' 'fusesmb' 'fusion-icon' 'fvwm-themes' 'fvwm2' 'fwbuilder' 'fwnn' 'fwnn-devel' 'fwnncom' 'fwts' 'fwts' 'fwupdate' 'fwupdate-devel' 'fwupdate-efi' 'fwzs' 'fxload' 'g3utils' 'gCue2tracks' 'gCue2tracks' 'gFTP' 'gLabels' 'gThumb' 'gaa' 'gajim' 'gajim-lang' 'galaxis' 'galculator' 'galculator-lang' 'gama' 'gambas3' 'gambas3' 'gambas3-debugsource' 'gambas3-devel' 'gambas3-devel-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-args' 'gambas3-gb-cairo' 'gambas3-gb-cairo-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-chart' 'gambas3-gb-clipper' 'gambas3-gb-clipper-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-complex' 'gambas3-gb-complex-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-compress' 'gambas3-gb-compress-bzlib2' 'gambas3-gb-compress-bzlib2-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-compress-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-compress-zlib' 'gambas3-gb-compress-zlib-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-crypt' 'gambas3-gb-crypt-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-data' 'gambas3-gb-data-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db' 'gambas3-gb-db-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-form' 'gambas3-gb-db-mysql' 'gambas3-gb-db-mysql-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-odbc' 'gambas3-gb-db-odbc-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-postgresql' 'gambas3-gb-db-postgresql-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite2' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite2-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite3' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite3-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-dbus' 'gambas3-gb-dbus-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-desktop' 'gambas3-gb-desktop-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-eval-highlight' 'gambas3-gb-form' 'gambas3-gb-form-dialog' 'gambas3-gb-form-editor' 'gambas3-gb-form-mdi' 'gambas3-gb-form-stock' 'gambas3-gb-form-terminal' 'gambas3-gb-geom' 'gambas3-gb-geom-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gmp' 'gambas3-gb-gmp-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gsl' 'gambas3-gb-gsl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gtk' 'gambas3-gb-gtk-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gtk-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-gtk-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gtk3' 'gambas3-gb-gtk3-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gui' 'gambas3-gb-gui-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-httpd' 'gambas3-gb-httpd-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image' 'gambas3-gb-image-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image-effect' 'gambas3-gb-image-effect-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image-imlib' 'gambas3-gb-image-imlib-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image-io' 'gambas3-gb-image-io-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-inotify' 'gambas3-gb-inotify-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-libxml' 'gambas3-gb-libxml-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-logging' 'gambas3-gb-maps' 'gambas3-gb-markdown' 'gambas3-gb-media' 'gambas3-gb-media-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-memcached' 'gambas3-gb-mime' 'gambas3-gb-mime-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-mysql' 'gambas3-gb-ncurses' 'gambas3-gb-ncurses-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-net' 'gambas3-gb-net-curl' 'gambas3-gb-net-curl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-net-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-net-pop3' 'gambas3-gb-net-smtp' 'gambas3-gb-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glsl' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glsl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glu' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glu-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-sge' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-sge-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-openssl' 'gambas3-gb-openssl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-option' 'gambas3-gb-option-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-pcre' 'gambas3-gb-pcre-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-pdf' 'gambas3-gb-pdf-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-ext' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-ext-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-webkit' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-webkit-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-ext' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-ext-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-webkit' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-webkit-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-report' 'gambas3-gb-report2' 'gambas3-gb-scanner' 'gambas3-gb-sdl' 'gambas3-gb-sdl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-sdl-sound' 'gambas3-gb-sdl-sound-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-settings' 'gambas3-gb-signal' 'gambas3-gb-signal-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-util' 'gambas3-gb-util-web' 'gambas3-gb-v4l' 'gambas3-gb-v4l-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-vb' 'gambas3-gb-vb-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-web' 'gambas3-gb-web-form' 'gambas3-gb-xml' 'gambas3-gb-xml-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-xml-rpc' 'gambas3-gb-xml-rpc-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-xml-xslt' 'gambas3-gb-xml-xslt-debuginfo' 'gambas3-ide' 'gambas3-runtime' 'gambas3-runtime-debuginfo' 'gambas3-script' 'games' 'gamin-devel' 'gamin-server' 'gammu' 'gammu-devel' 'gammu-doc' 'gammu-smsd' 'garglk' 'garglk' 'garglk-debuginfo' 'garglk-debugsource' 'garlic' 'garlic-doc' 'gasnet' 'gasnet-devel' 'gasnet-doc' 'gateway_server' 'gaupol' 'gavl' 'gawk' 'gbdfed' 'gbrainy' 'gbrainy' 'gbrainy-lang' 'gc-devel' 'gcab' 'gcab-devel' 'gcab-lang' 'gcal' 'gcal-lang' 'gcc' 'gcc-32bit' 'gcc-ada' 'gcc-c++' 'gcc-c++-32bit' 'gcc-fortran' 'gcc-fortran-32bit' 'gcc-gij' 'gcc-gij-32bit' 'gcc-info' 'gcc-java' 'gcc-locale' 'gcc-obj-c++' 'gcc-objc' 'gcc-objc-32bit' 'gcc48' 'gcc48' 'gcc48-32bit' 'gcc48-ada' 'gcc48-ada-32bit' 'gcc48-c++' 'gcc48-fortran' 'gcc48-fortran-32bit' 'gcc48-gij' 'gcc48-gij-32bit' 'gcc48-info' 'gcc48-java' 'gcc48-locale' 'gcc48-obj-c++' 'gcc48-objc' 'gcc48-objc-32bit' 'gcc48-testresults' 'gcc48-testresults' 'gcc5' 'gcc5-32bit' 'gcc5-ada' 'gcc5-ada-32bit' 'gcc5-c++' 'gcc5-c++-32bit' 'gcc5-fortran' 'gcc5-fortran-32bit' 'gcc5-go' 'gcc5-go-32bit' 'gcc5-info' 'gcc5-locale' 'gcc5-testresults' 'gcc6' 'gcc6-32bit' 'gcc6-ada' 'gcc6-ada-32bit' 'gcc6-c++' 'gcc6-c++-32bit' 'gcc6-fortran' 'gcc6-fortran-32bit' 'gcc6-go' 'gcc6-go-32bit' 'gcc6-info' 'gcc6-locale' 'gcc6-testresults' 'gcc7' 'gcc7' 'gcc7-32bit' 'gcc7-ada' 'gcc7-ada-32bit' 'gcc7-c++' 'gcc7-c++-32bit' 'gcc7-fortran' 'gcc7-fortran-32bit' 'gcc7-go' 'gcc7-go-32bit' 'gcc7-info' 'gcc7-locale' 'gcc7-obj-c++' 'gcc7-obj-c++-32bit' 'gcc7-objc' 'gcc7-objc-32bit' 'gcc7-testresults' 'gcc7-testresults' 'gccmakedep' 'gcdemu' 'gcdemu-lang' 'gcimagebundle' 'gcimagebundle-test' 'gcin' 'gcin-anthy' 'gcin-branding-openSUSE' 'gcin-branding-upstream' 'gcin-gtk2' 'gcin-gtk2-32bit' 'gcin-gtk3' 'gcin-gtk3-32bit' 'gcin-qt4' 'gcin-qt4-32bit' 'gcin-qt5' 'gcin-qt5-32bit' 'gcolor2' 'gcompris' 'gcompris-devel' 'gcompris-qt' 'gcompris-qt-activities' 'gcompris-qt-lang' 'gcompris-qt-voices' 'gcompris-voices-ar' 'gcompris-voices-br' 'gcompris-voices-cs' 'gcompris-voices-da' 'gcompris-voices-de' 'gcompris-voices-el' 'gcompris-voices-en' 'gcompris-voices-es' 'gcompris-voices-eu' 'gcompris-voices-fi' 'gcompris-voices-fr' 'gcompris-voices-hi' 'gcompris-voices-hu' 'gcompris-voices-id' 'gcompris-voices-it' 'gcompris-voices-mr' 'gcompris-voices-nb' 'gcompris-voices-nl' 'gcompris-voices-pt' 'gcompris-voices-pt-br' 'gcompris-voices-ru' 'gcompris-voices-so' 'gcompris-voices-sr' 'gcompris-voices-sv' 'gcompris-voices-tr' 'gconf-editor' 'gconf-editor-lang' 'gconf-polkit' 'gconf-sharp-peditors2' 'gconf-sharp2' 'gconf2' 'gconf2-32bit' 'gconf2-branding-openSUSE' 'gconf2-devel' 'gconf2-lang' 'gconfmm-devel' 'gcr-data' 'gcr-lang' 'gcr-prompter' 'gcr-viewer' 'gcstar' 'gd' 'gd' 'gd-32bit' 'gd-devel' 'gdal' 'gdal-devel' 'gdata-sharp' 'gdata-sharp-devel' 'gdb' 'gdb' 'gdb-testresults' 'gdbm-devel' 'gdbm-devel-32bit' 'gdbserver' 'gdk-pixbuf' 'gdk-pixbuf-devel' 'gdk-pixbuf-devel-32bit' 'gdk-pixbuf-lang' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-libopenraw' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-libopenraw-32bit' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-rsvg' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-rsvg-32bit' 'gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders' 'gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-32bit' 'gdl-devel' 'gdl-lang' 'gdlmm-devel' 'gdm' 'gdm-branding-openSUSE' 'gdm-branding-upstream' 'gdm-devel' 'gdm-lang' 'gdmflexiserver' 'gdouros-aegean-fonts' 'gdouros-aegyptus-fonts' 'gdouros-akkadian-fonts' 'gdouros-alfios-fonts' 'gdouros-analecta-fonts' 'gdouros-anatolian-fonts' 'gdouros-atavyros-fonts' 'gdouros-maya-fonts' 'gdouros-musica-fonts' 'gdouros-symbola-fonts' 'gdouros-text-fonts' 'gdouros-unidings-fonts' 'geany' 'geany-devel' 'geany-doc' 'geany-lang' 'geany-plugins' 'geany-plugins-lang' 'geary' 'geary-lang' 'geda-doc' 'geda-examples' 'geda-gaf' 'geda-gattrib' 'geda-gnetlist' 'geda-gschem' 'geda-gsymcheck' 'geda-symbols' 'geda-utils' 'geda-xgsch2pcb' 'gedit' 'gedit-devel' 'gedit-lang' 'gedit-latex-lang' 'gedit-plugin-bookmarks' 'gedit-plugin-bracketcompletion' 'gedit-plugin-charmap' 'gedit-plugin-code-assistance' 'gedit-plugin-codecomment' 'gedit-plugin-colorpicker' 'gedit-plugin-colorschemer' 'gedit-plugin-commander' 'gedit-plugin-dashboard' 'gedit-plugin-devhelp' 'gedit-plugin-drawspaces' 'gedit-plugin-git' 'gedit-plugin-joinlines' 'gedit-plugin-latex' 'gedit-plugin-multiedit' 'gedit-plugin-smartspaces' 'gedit-plugin-synctex' 'gedit-plugin-terminal' 'gedit-plugin-textsize' 'gedit-plugin-wordcompletion' 'gedit-plugin-zeitgeist' 'gedit-plugins' 'gedit-plugins-data' 'gedit-plugins-lang' 'geeqie' 'geeqie-lang' 'gegl' 'gegl-0_2' 'gegl-0_2-lang' 'gegl-0_3' 'gegl-0_3-lang' 'gegl-devel' 'gegl-doc' 'gegl-unstable' 'gegl-unstable-devel' 'gegl-unstable-doc' 'geis-devel' 'geis-tools' 'gemrb' 'generic_server' 'gengetopt' 'genisoimage' 'genius' 'genius-devel' 'genius-lang' 'genromfs' 'gentoo' 'gentoo' 'gentoo-debuginfo' 'gentoo-debugsource' 'geoclue' 'geoclue-example' 'geoclue-gsmloc' 'geoclue-recommended' 'geoclue2' 'geoclue2-devel' 'geocode-glib' 'geocode-glib-devel' 'geoipupdate' 'geos' 'geos-devel' 'geos-doc' 'geotiff' 'geotiff-devel' 'gerbv' 'gerbv-devel' 'geronimo-annotation-1_0-api' 'geronimo-commonj-1_1-apis' 'geronimo-corba-1_0-apis' 'geronimo-corba-2_3-apis' 'geronimo-ejb-2_1-api' 'geronimo-ejb-3_0-api' 'geronimo-el-1_0-api' 'geronimo-interceptor-3_0-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-1_4-apis' 'geronimo-j2ee-connector-1_5-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-deployment-1_1-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-management-1_0-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-management-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jacc-1_0-api' 'geronimo-jacc-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jaf-1_0_2-api' 'geronimo-jaf-1_1-api' 'geronimo-javaee-deployment-1_1-api' 'geronimo-javamail-1_3_1-api' 'geronimo-javamail-1_4-api' 'geronimo-jaxr-1_0-api' 'geronimo-jaxrpc-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jms-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jpa-3_0-api' 'geronimo-jsp-2_0-api' 'geronimo-jsp-2_1-api' 'geronimo-jta-1_0_1B-api' 'geronimo-jta-1_1-api' 'geronimo-qname-1_1-api' 'geronimo-saaj-1_1-api' 'geronimo-servlet-2_4-api' 'geronimo-servlet-2_5-api' 'geronimo-specs' 'geronimo-specs-javadoc' 'geronimo-specs-poms' 'geronimo-stax-1_0-api' 'geronimo-ws-metadata-2_0-api' 'get-flash-videos' 'get_iplayer' 'get_iplayer' 'get_iplayer-pvr' 'getdata' 'getdata-devel' 'getdata-doc' 'getdp' 'getdp-devel' 'getdp-doc' 'getmail' 'getmail-doc' 'gettext-csharp' 'gettext-java' 'gettext-runtime' 'gettext-runtime-32bit' 'gettext-runtime-mini' 'gettext-runtime-mini-tools-doc' 'gettext-runtime-tools-doc' 'gettext-tools' 'gettext-tools-32bit' 'gettext-tools-mini' 'gexif' 'gexif-lang' 'gf2x-devel' 'gfan' 'gfbgraph-devel' 'gfio' 'gfs2-utils' 'gftp' 'gftp-common' 'gftp-common-lang' 'gftp-text' 'gfxboot' 'gfxboot-branding-KDE' 'gfxboot-branding-openSUSE' 'gfxboot-branding-upstream' 'gfxboot-devel' 'ggz-client-libs' 'ggz-client-libs-devel' 'ggz-client-libs-lang' 'ghc' 'ghc-AC-Vector' 'ghc-AC-Vector-devel' 'ghc-BNFC' 'ghc-BNFC-devel' 'ghc-Boolean' 'ghc-Boolean-devel' 'ghc-BoundedChan' 'ghc-BoundedChan-devel' 'ghc-Cabal' 'ghc-Cabal-devel' 'ghc-ChannelT' 'ghc-ChannelT-devel' 'ghc-ChasingBottoms' 'ghc-ChasingBottoms-devel' 'ghc-ConfigFile' 'ghc-ConfigFile-devel' 'ghc-DAV' 'ghc-DAV-devel' 'ghc-Decimal' 'ghc-Decimal-devel' 'ghc-Diff' 'ghc-Diff-devel' 'ghc-FenwickTree' 'ghc-FenwickTree-devel' 'ghc-FindBin' 'ghc-FindBin-devel' 'ghc-FontyFruity' 'ghc-FontyFruity-devel' 'ghc-GLURaw' 'ghc-GLURaw-devel' 'ghc-GLUT' 'ghc-GLUT-devel' 'ghc-GenericPretty' 'ghc-GenericPretty-devel' 'ghc-Glob' 'ghc-Glob-devel' 'ghc-GraphSCC' 'ghc-GraphSCC-devel' 'ghc-HCodecs' 'ghc-HCodecs-devel' 'ghc-HPDF' 'ghc-HPDF-devel' 'ghc-HSet' 'ghc-HSet-devel' 'ghc-HStringTemplate' 'ghc-HStringTemplate-devel' 'ghc-HTTP' 'ghc-HTTP-devel' 'ghc-HUnit' 'ghc-HUnit-devel' 'ghc-HsOpenSSL' 'ghc-HsOpenSSL-devel' 'ghc-IPv6Addr' 'ghc-IPv6Addr-devel' 'ghc-IfElse' 'ghc-IfElse-devel' 'ghc-IntervalMap' 'ghc-IntervalMap-devel' 'ghc-JuicyPixels' 'ghc-JuicyPixels-devel' 'ghc-List' 'ghc-List-devel' 'ghc-MemoTrie' 'ghc-MemoTrie-devel' 'ghc-MissingH' 'ghc-MissingH-devel' 'ghc-MonadPrompt' 'ghc-MonadPrompt-devel' 'ghc-MonadRandom' 'ghc-MonadRandom-devel' 'ghc-NineP' 'ghc-NineP-devel' 'ghc-NoTrace' 'ghc-NoTrace-devel' 'ghc-NumInstances' 'ghc-NumInstances-devel' 'ghc-ObjectName' 'ghc-ObjectName-devel' 'ghc-Octree' 'ghc-Octree-devel' 'ghc-OneTuple' 'ghc-OneTuple-devel' 'ghc-OpenGL' 'ghc-OpenGL-devel' 'ghc-OpenGLRaw' 'ghc-OpenGLRaw-devel' 'ghc-PSQueue' 'ghc-PSQueue-devel' 'ghc-QuickCheck' 'ghc-QuickCheck-devel' 'ghc-RSA' 'ghc-RSA-devel' 'ghc-Rasterific' 'ghc-Rasterific-devel' 'ghc-ReadArgs' 'ghc-ReadArgs-devel' 'ghc-RefSerialize' 'ghc-RefSerialize-devel' 'ghc-SDL' 'ghc-SDL-devel' 'ghc-SHA' 'ghc-SHA-devel' 'ghc-STMonadTrans' 'ghc-STMonadTrans-devel' 'ghc-SafeSemaphore' 'ghc-SafeSemaphore-devel' 'ghc-SegmentTree' 'ghc-SegmentTree-devel' 'ghc-ShellCheck' 'ghc-ShellCheck-devel' 'ghc-Spintax' 'ghc-Spintax-devel' 'ghc-Spock' 'ghc-Spock-core' 'ghc-Spock-core-devel' 'ghc-Spock-devel' 'ghc-Spock-worker' 'ghc-Spock-worker-devel' 'ghc-StateVar' 'ghc-StateVar-devel' 'ghc-Strafunski-StrategyLib' 'ghc-Strafunski-StrategyLib-devel' 'ghc-TCache' 'ghc-TCache-devel' 'ghc-X11' 'ghc-X11-devel' 'ghc-X11-xft' 'ghc-X11-xft-devel' 'ghc-Xauth' 'ghc-Xauth-devel' 'ghc-Yampa' 'ghc-Yampa-devel' 'ghc-abstract-deque' 'ghc-abstract-deque-devel' 'ghc-abstract-par' 'ghc-abstract-par-devel' 'ghc-accelerate' 'ghc-accelerate-devel' 'ghc-ace' 'ghc-ace-devel' 'ghc-action-permutations' 'ghc-action-permutations-devel' 'ghc-adjunctions' 'ghc-adjunctions-devel' 'ghc-aeson' 'ghc-aeson-better-errors' 'ghc-aeson-better-errors-devel' 'ghc-aeson-casing' 'ghc-aeson-casing-devel' 'ghc-aeson-compat' 'ghc-aeson-compat-devel' 'ghc-aeson-devel' 'ghc-aeson-extra' 'ghc-aeson-extra-devel' 'ghc-aeson-pretty' 'ghc-aeson-pretty-devel' 'ghc-aeson-utils' 'ghc-aeson-utils-devel' 'ghc-alarmclock' 'ghc-alarmclock-devel' 'ghc-amazonka-core' 'ghc-amazonka-core-devel' 'ghc-annotated-wl-pprint' 'ghc-annotated-wl-pprint-devel' 'ghc-anonymous-sums' 'ghc-anonymous-sums-devel' 'ghc-ansi-terminal' 'ghc-ansi-terminal-devel' 'ghc-ansi-wl-pprint' 'ghc-ansi-wl-pprint-devel' 'ghc-api-field-json-th' 'ghc-api-field-json-th-devel' 'ghc-app-settings' 'ghc-app-settings-devel' 'ghc-appar' 'ghc-appar-devel' 'ghc-array' 'ghc-array-devel' 'ghc-arrow-list' 'ghc-arrow-list-devel' 'ghc-ascii-progress' 'ghc-ascii-progress-devel' 'ghc-asn1-encoding' 'ghc-asn1-encoding-devel' 'ghc-asn1-parse' 'ghc-asn1-parse-devel' 'ghc-asn1-types' 'ghc-asn1-types-devel' 'ghc-async' 'ghc-async-devel' 'ghc-atomic-primops' 'ghc-atomic-primops-devel' 'ghc-atomic-write' 'ghc-atomic-write-devel' 'ghc-attoparsec' 'ghc-attoparsec-devel' 'ghc-attoparsec-expr' 'ghc-attoparsec-expr-devel' 'ghc-authenticate' 'ghc-authenticate-devel' 'ghc-authenticate-oauth' 'ghc-authenticate-oauth-devel' 'ghc-auto' 'ghc-auto-devel' 'ghc-auto-update' 'ghc-auto-update-devel' 'ghc-aws' 'ghc-aws-devel' 'ghc-bank-holidays-england' 'ghc-bank-holidays-england-devel' 'ghc-base' 'ghc-base-compat' 'ghc-base-compat-devel' 'ghc-base-devel' 'ghc-base-orphans' 'ghc-base-orphans-devel' 'ghc-base-prelude' 'ghc-base-prelude-devel' 'ghc-base-unicode-symbols' 'ghc-base-unicode-symbols-devel' 'ghc-base16-bytestring' 'ghc-base16-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-base64-bytestring' 'ghc-base64-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-benchpress' 'ghc-benchpress-devel' 'ghc-bencode' 'ghc-bencode-devel' 'ghc-bento' 'ghc-bento-devel' 'ghc-bifunctors' 'ghc-bifunctors-devel' 'ghc-bimap' 'ghc-bimap-devel' 'ghc-binary' 'ghc-binary-bits' 'ghc-binary-bits-devel' 'ghc-binary-conduit' 'ghc-binary-conduit-devel' 'ghc-binary-devel' 'ghc-binary-orphans' 'ghc-binary-orphans-devel' 'ghc-binary-search' 'ghc-binary-search-devel' 'ghc-binary-tagged' 'ghc-binary-tagged-devel' 'ghc-bindings-DSL' 'ghc-bindings-DSL-devel' 'ghc-biocore' 'ghc-biocore-devel' 'ghc-bitarray' 'ghc-bitarray-devel' 'ghc-bitcoin-script' 'ghc-bitcoin-script-devel' 'ghc-blaze-bootstrap' 'ghc-blaze-bootstrap-devel' 'ghc-blaze-builder' 'ghc-blaze-builder-devel' 'ghc-blaze-html' 'ghc-blaze-html-devel' 'ghc-blaze-markup' 'ghc-blaze-markup-devel' 'ghc-blaze-svg' 'ghc-blaze-svg-devel' 'ghc-blaze-textual' 'ghc-blaze-textual-devel' 'ghc-bloodhound' 'ghc-bloodhound-devel' 'ghc-bloomfilter' 'ghc-bloomfilter-devel' 'ghc-bmp' 'ghc-bmp-devel' 'ghc-boomerang' 'ghc-boomerang-devel' 'ghc-bootstrap' 'ghc-boxes' 'ghc-boxes-devel' 'ghc-broadcast-chan' 'ghc-broadcast-chan-devel' 'ghc-btrfs' 'ghc-btrfs-devel' 'ghc-byteable' 'ghc-byteable-devel' 'ghc-bytedump' 'ghc-bytedump-devel' 'ghc-byteorder' 'ghc-byteorder-devel' 'ghc-bytes' 'ghc-bytes-devel' 'ghc-byteset' 'ghc-byteset-devel' 'ghc-bytestring' 'ghc-bytestring-builder' 'ghc-bytestring-builder-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-handle' 'ghc-bytestring-handle-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-lexing' 'ghc-bytestring-lexing-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-tree-builder' 'ghc-bytestring-tree-builder-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-trie' 'ghc-bytestring-trie-devel' 'ghc-bzlib' 'ghc-bzlib-devel' 'ghc-cab' 'ghc-cab-devel' 'ghc-cabal-doctest' 'ghc-cabal-doctest-devel' 'ghc-cabal-file-th' 'ghc-cabal-file-th-devel' 'ghc-cabal-helper' 'ghc-cabal-helper-devel' 'ghc-cacophony' 'ghc-cacophony-devel' 'ghc-cairo' 'ghc-cairo-devel' 'ghc-call-stack' 'ghc-call-stack-devel' 'ghc-cartel' 'ghc-cartel-devel' 'ghc-case-insensitive' 'ghc-case-insensitive-devel' 'ghc-cased' 'ghc-cased-devel' 'ghc-cases' 'ghc-cases-devel' 'ghc-cassava' 'ghc-cassava-devel' 'ghc-cayley-client' 'ghc-cayley-client-devel' 'ghc-cereal' 'ghc-cereal-conduit' 'ghc-cereal-conduit-devel' 'ghc-cereal-devel' 'ghc-cereal-text' 'ghc-cereal-text-devel' 'ghc-cereal-vector' 'ghc-cereal-vector-devel' 'ghc-cgi' 'ghc-cgi-devel' 'ghc-charset' 'ghc-charset-devel' 'ghc-charsetdetect-ae' 'ghc-charsetdetect-ae-devel' 'ghc-check-email' 'ghc-check-email-devel' 'ghc-checkers' 'ghc-checkers-devel' 'ghc-chunked-data' 'ghc-chunked-data-devel' 'ghc-cipher-aes' 'ghc-cipher-aes-devel' 'ghc-cipher-aes128' 'ghc-cipher-aes128-devel' 'ghc-cipher-blowfish' 'ghc-cipher-blowfish-devel' 'ghc-cipher-camellia' 'ghc-cipher-camellia-devel' 'ghc-cipher-des' 'ghc-cipher-des-devel' 'ghc-cipher-rc4' 'ghc-cipher-rc4-devel' 'ghc-circle-packing' 'ghc-circle-packing-devel' 'ghc-clay' 'ghc-clay-devel' 'ghc-clientsession' 'ghc-clientsession-devel' 'ghc-clock' 'ghc-clock-devel' 'ghc-cmark' 'ghc-cmark-devel' 'ghc-cmdargs' 'ghc-cmdargs-devel' 'ghc-code-builder' 'ghc-code-builder-devel' 'ghc-code-page' 'ghc-code-page-devel' 'ghc-colour' 'ghc-colour-devel' 'ghc-commutative' 'ghc-commutative-devel' 'ghc-comonad' 'ghc-comonad-devel' 'ghc-compactmap' 'ghc-compactmap-devel' 'ghc-compiler' 'ghc-composition' 'ghc-composition-devel' 'ghc-concatenative' 'ghc-concatenative-devel' 'ghc-concurrent-extra' 'ghc-concurrent-extra-devel' 'ghc-concurrent-output' 'ghc-concurrent-output-devel' 'ghc-concurrent-supply' 'ghc-concurrent-supply-devel' 'ghc-conduit' 'ghc-conduit-combinators' 'ghc-conduit-combinators-devel' 'ghc-conduit-devel' 'ghc-conduit-extra' 'ghc-conduit-extra-devel' 'ghc-conduit-iconv' 'ghc-conduit-iconv-devel' 'ghc-configuration-tools' 'ghc-configuration-tools-devel' 'ghc-connection' 'ghc-connection-devel' 'ghc-constraints' 'ghc-constraints-devel' 'ghc-consul-haskell' 'ghc-consul-haskell-devel' 'ghc-containers' 'ghc-containers-devel' 'ghc-containers-unicode-symbols' 'ghc-containers-unicode-symbols-devel' 'ghc-continued-fractions' 'ghc-continued-fractions-devel' 'ghc-contravariant' 'ghc-contravariant-devel' 'ghc-control-bool' 'ghc-control-bool-devel' 'ghc-control-monad-free' 'ghc-control-monad-free-devel' 'ghc-control-monad-loop' 'ghc-control-monad-loop-devel' 'ghc-control-monad-omega' 'ghc-control-monad-omega-devel' 'ghc-converge' 'ghc-converge-devel' 'ghc-convertible' 'ghc-convertible-devel' 'ghc-cookie' 'ghc-cookie-devel' 'ghc-cpphs' 'ghc-cpphs-devel' 'ghc-cprng-aes' 'ghc-cprng-aes-devel' 'ghc-cpu' 'ghc-cpu-devel' 'ghc-cron' 'ghc-cron-devel' 'ghc-crypto-api' 'ghc-crypto-api-devel' 'ghc-crypto-cipher-types' 'ghc-crypto-cipher-types-devel' 'ghc-crypto-numbers' 'ghc-crypto-numbers-devel' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey-devel' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey-types' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey-types-devel' 'ghc-crypto-random' 'ghc-crypto-random-api' 'ghc-crypto-random-api-devel' 'ghc-crypto-random-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash' 'ghc-cryptohash-conduit' 'ghc-cryptohash-conduit-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-cryptoapi' 'ghc-cryptohash-cryptoapi-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-md5' 'ghc-cryptohash-md5-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha1' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha1-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha256' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha256-devel' 'ghc-cryptonite' 'ghc-cryptonite-conduit' 'ghc-cryptonite-conduit-devel' 'ghc-cryptonite-devel' 'ghc-css-syntax' 'ghc-css-syntax-devel' 'ghc-css-text' 'ghc-css-text-devel' 'ghc-csv' 'ghc-csv-devel' 'ghc-curl' 'ghc-curl-devel' 'ghc-darcs' 'ghc-darcs-devel' 'ghc-data-accessor' 'ghc-data-accessor-devel' 'ghc-data-binary-ieee754' 'ghc-data-binary-ieee754-devel' 'ghc-data-default' 'ghc-data-default-class' 'ghc-data-default-class-devel' 'ghc-data-default-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-base' 'ghc-data-default-instances-base-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-containers' 'ghc-data-default-instances-containers-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-dlist' 'ghc-data-default-instances-dlist-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale' 'ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale-devel' 'ghc-data-hash' 'ghc-data-hash-devel' 'ghc-data-inttrie' 'ghc-data-inttrie-devel' 'ghc-data-lens-light' 'ghc-data-lens-light-devel' 'ghc-data-or' 'ghc-data-or-devel' 'ghc-data-ordlist' 'ghc-data-ordlist-devel' 'ghc-data-reify' 'ghc-data-reify-devel' 'ghc-dataurl' 'ghc-dataurl-devel' 'ghc-dbus' 'ghc-dbus-devel' 'ghc-debian-build' 'ghc-debian-build-devel' 'ghc-deepseq' 'ghc-deepseq-devel' 'ghc-deepseq-generics' 'ghc-deepseq-generics-devel' 'ghc-derive' 'ghc-derive-devel' 'ghc-descriptive' 'ghc-descriptive-devel' 'ghc-diagrams-solve' 'ghc-diagrams-solve-devel' 'ghc-diff3' 'ghc-diff3-devel' 'ghc-digest' 'ghc-digest-devel' 'ghc-digits' 'ghc-digits-devel' 'ghc-directory' 'ghc-directory-devel' 'ghc-disk-free-space' 'ghc-disk-free-space-devel' 'ghc-distributed-closure' 'ghc-distributed-closure-devel' 'ghc-distributive' 'ghc-distributive-devel' 'ghc-djinn-ghc' 'ghc-djinn-ghc-devel' 'ghc-djinn-lib' 'ghc-djinn-lib-devel' 'ghc-dlist' 'ghc-dlist-devel' 'ghc-dlist-instances' 'ghc-dlist-instances-devel' 'ghc-dns' 'ghc-dns-devel' 'ghc-dockerfile' 'ghc-dockerfile-devel' 'ghc-doctemplates' 'ghc-doctemplates-devel' 'ghc-doctest' 'ghc-doctest-devel' 'ghc-dotnet-timespan' 'ghc-dotnet-timespan-devel' 'ghc-dpor' 'ghc-dpor-devel' 'ghc-drawille' 'ghc-drawille-devel' 'ghc-drifter' 'ghc-drifter-devel' 'ghc-dynamic-state' 'ghc-dynamic-state-devel' 'ghc-easy-file' 'ghc-easy-file-devel' 'ghc-ed25519' 'ghc-ed25519-devel' 'ghc-edit-distance' 'ghc-edit-distance-devel' 'ghc-effect-handlers' 'ghc-effect-handlers-devel' 'ghc-either' 'ghc-either-devel' 'ghc-either-unwrap' 'ghc-either-unwrap-devel' 'ghc-ekg-core' 'ghc-ekg-core-devel' 'ghc-elm-bridge' 'ghc-elm-bridge-devel' 'ghc-elm-core-sources' 'ghc-elm-core-sources-devel' 'ghc-email-validate' 'ghc-email-validate-devel' 'ghc-enclosed-exceptions' 'ghc-enclosed-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-entropy' 'ghc-entropy-devel' 'ghc-envelope' 'ghc-envelope-devel' 'ghc-eq' 'ghc-eq-devel' 'ghc-equivalence' 'ghc-equivalence-devel' 'ghc-erf' 'ghc-erf-devel' 'ghc-errors' 'ghc-errors-devel' 'ghc-esqueleto' 'ghc-esqueleto-devel' 'ghc-event' 'ghc-event-devel' 'ghc-exact-combinatorics' 'ghc-exact-combinatorics-devel' 'ghc-exception-transformers' 'ghc-exception-transformers-devel' 'ghc-exceptional' 'ghc-exceptional-devel' 'ghc-exceptions' 'ghc-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-executable-path' 'ghc-executable-path-devel' 'ghc-expiring-cache-map' 'ghc-expiring-cache-map-devel' 'ghc-explicit-exception' 'ghc-explicit-exception-devel' 'ghc-extensible-exceptions' 'ghc-extensible-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-extra' 'ghc-extra-devel' 'ghc-fail' 'ghc-fail-devel' 'ghc-farmhash' 'ghc-farmhash-devel' 'ghc-fast-builder' 'ghc-fast-builder-devel' 'ghc-fast-logger' 'ghc-fast-logger-devel' 'ghc-fclabels' 'ghc-fclabels-devel' 'ghc-fdo-notify' 'ghc-fdo-notify-devel' 'ghc-feature-flags' 'ghc-feature-flags-devel' 'ghc-feed' 'ghc-feed-devel' 'ghc-fgl' 'ghc-fgl-arbitrary' 'ghc-fgl-arbitrary-devel' 'ghc-fgl-devel' 'ghc-file-embed' 'ghc-file-embed-devel' 'ghc-filelock' 'ghc-filelock-devel' 'ghc-filemanip' 'ghc-filemanip-devel' 'ghc-filepath' 'ghc-filepath-devel' 'ghc-fingertree' 'ghc-fingertree-devel' 'ghc-fingertree-psqueue' 'ghc-fingertree-psqueue-devel' 'ghc-fixed' 'ghc-fixed-devel' 'ghc-fixed-vector' 'ghc-fixed-vector-devel' 'ghc-flow' 'ghc-flow-devel' 'ghc-fmlist' 'ghc-fmlist-devel' 'ghc-fn' 'ghc-fn-devel' 'ghc-focus' 'ghc-focus-devel' 'ghc-foldl' 'ghc-foldl-devel' 'ghc-foreign-store' 'ghc-foreign-store-devel' 'ghc-free' 'ghc-free-devel' 'ghc-free-vl' 'ghc-free-vl-devel' 'ghc-frisby' 'ghc-frisby-devel' 'ghc-frontmatter' 'ghc-frontmatter-devel' 'ghc-fsnotify' 'ghc-fsnotify-devel' 'ghc-funcmp' 'ghc-funcmp-devel' 'ghc-gd' 'ghc-gd-devel' 'ghc-generic-aeson' 'ghc-generic-aeson-devel' 'ghc-generic-deriving' 'ghc-generic-deriving-devel' 'ghc-generics-sop' 'ghc-generics-sop-devel' 'ghc-geniplate-mirror' 'ghc-geniplate-mirror-devel' 'ghc-getopt-generics' 'ghc-getopt-generics-devel' 'ghc-ghc' 'ghc-ghc-boot' 'ghc-ghc-boot-devel' 'ghc-ghc-boot-th' 'ghc-ghc-boot-th-devel' 'ghc-ghc-devel' 'ghc-ghc-heap-view' 'ghc-ghc-heap-view-devel' 'ghc-ghc-mod' 'ghc-ghc-mod-devel' 'ghc-ghc-paths' 'ghc-ghc-paths-devel' 'ghc-ghc-syb-utils' 'ghc-ghc-syb-utils-devel' 'ghc-ghc-tcplugins-extra' 'ghc-ghc-tcplugins-extra-devel' 'ghc-ghci' 'ghc-ghci-devel' 'ghc-ghcid' 'ghc-ghcid-devel' 'ghc-ghcjs-codemirror' 'ghc-ghcjs-codemirror-devel' 'ghc-gio' 'ghc-gio-devel' 'ghc-gitlib' 'ghc-gitlib-devel' 'ghc-gitrev' 'ghc-gitrev-devel' 'ghc-glib' 'ghc-glib-devel' 'ghc-gnuidn' 'ghc-gnuidn-devel' 'ghc-gnutls' 'ghc-gnutls-devel' 'ghc-google-cloud' 'ghc-google-cloud-devel' 'ghc-gpolyline' 'ghc-gpolyline-devel' 'ghc-graph-core' 'ghc-graph-core-devel' 'ghc-graph-wrapper' 'ghc-graph-wrapper-devel' 'ghc-graphs' 'ghc-graphs-devel' 'ghc-graphviz' 'ghc-graphviz-devel' 'ghc-gravatar' 'ghc-gravatar-devel' 'ghc-groom' 'ghc-groom-devel' 'ghc-groups' 'ghc-groups-devel' 'ghc-gsasl' 'ghc-gsasl-devel' 'ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools' 'ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools-devel' 'ghc-gtk3' 'ghc-gtk3-devel' 'ghc-hackage-db' 'ghc-hackage-db-devel' 'ghc-hackage-security' 'ghc-hackage-security-devel' 'ghc-haddock-library' 'ghc-haddock-library-devel' 'ghc-half' 'ghc-half-devel' 'ghc-harp' 'ghc-harp-devel' 'ghc-hashable' 'ghc-hashable-devel' 'ghc-hashable-time' 'ghc-hashable-time-devel' 'ghc-hashtables' 'ghc-hashtables-devel' 'ghc-haskeline' 'ghc-haskeline-devel' 'ghc-haskell-gi-base' 'ghc-haskell-gi-base-devel' 'ghc-haskell-neo4j-client' 'ghc-haskell-neo4j-client-devel' 'ghc-haskell-src' 'ghc-haskell-src-devel' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts-devel' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts-simple' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts-simple-devel' 'ghc-hastache' 'ghc-hastache-devel' 'ghc-hbeanstalk' 'ghc-hbeanstalk-devel' 'ghc-heap' 'ghc-heap-devel' 'ghc-heaps' 'ghc-heaps-devel' 'ghc-hebrew-time' 'ghc-hebrew-time-devel' 'ghc-heredoc' 'ghc-heredoc-devel' 'ghc-hex' 'ghc-hex-devel' 'ghc-hexstring' 'ghc-hexstring-devel' 'ghc-hflags' 'ghc-hflags-devel' 'ghc-hformat' 'ghc-hformat-devel' 'ghc-hid' 'ghc-hid-devel' 'ghc-hidapi' 'ghc-hidapi-devel' 'ghc-hierarchical-clustering' 'ghc-hierarchical-clustering-devel' 'ghc-highlighting-kate' 'ghc-highlighting-kate-devel' 'ghc-hinotify' 'ghc-hinotify-devel' 'ghc-histogram-fill' 'ghc-histogram-fill-devel' 'ghc-hit' 'ghc-hit-devel' 'ghc-hjsmin' 'ghc-hjsmin-devel' 'ghc-hlibsass' 'ghc-hlibsass-devel' 'ghc-hlint' 'ghc-hlint-devel' 'ghc-hoauth2' 'ghc-hoauth2-devel' 'ghc-hoopl' 'ghc-hoopl-devel' 'ghc-hopenssl' 'ghc-hopenssl-devel' 'ghc-hostname' 'ghc-hostname-devel' 'ghc-hostname-validate' 'ghc-hostname-validate-devel' 'ghc-hourglass' 'ghc-hourglass-devel' 'ghc-hpack' 'ghc-hpack-devel' 'ghc-hpc' 'ghc-hpc-devel' 'ghc-hs-GeoIP' 'ghc-hs-GeoIP-devel' 'ghc-hscolour' 'ghc-hscolour-devel' 'ghc-hse-cpp' 'ghc-hse-cpp-devel' 'ghc-hsebaysdk' 'ghc-hsebaysdk-devel' 'ghc-hsemail' 'ghc-hsemail-devel' 'ghc-hslogger' 'ghc-hslogger-devel' 'ghc-hslua' 'ghc-hslua-devel' 'ghc-hsndfile' 'ghc-hsndfile-devel' 'ghc-hsp' 'ghc-hsp-devel' 'ghc-hspec' 'ghc-hspec-core' 'ghc-hspec-core-devel' 'ghc-hspec-devel' 'ghc-hspec-discover' 'ghc-hspec-discover-devel' 'ghc-hspec-expectations' 'ghc-hspec-expectations-devel' 'ghc-hspec-smallcheck' 'ghc-hspec-smallcheck-devel' 'ghc-hstatsd' 'ghc-hstatsd-devel' 'ghc-hsyslog' 'ghc-hsyslog-devel' 'ghc-htaglib' 'ghc-htaglib-devel' 'ghc-html' 'ghc-html-conduit' 'ghc-html-conduit-devel' 'ghc-html-devel' 'ghc-http-api-data' 'ghc-http-api-data-devel' 'ghc-http-client' 'ghc-http-client-devel' 'ghc-http-client-openssl' 'ghc-http-client-openssl-devel' 'ghc-http-client-tls' 'ghc-http-client-tls-devel' 'ghc-http-common' 'ghc-http-common-devel' 'ghc-http-conduit' 'ghc-http-conduit-devel' 'ghc-http-date' 'ghc-http-date-devel' 'ghc-http-media' 'ghc-http-media-devel' 'ghc-http-reverse-proxy' 'ghc-http-reverse-proxy-devel' 'ghc-http-types' 'ghc-http-types-devel' 'ghc-http2' 'ghc-http2-devel' 'ghc-httpd-shed' 'ghc-httpd-shed-devel' 'ghc-human-readable-duration' 'ghc-human-readable-duration-devel' 'ghc-hvect' 'ghc-hvect-devel' 'ghc-hweblib' 'ghc-hweblib-devel' 'ghc-hxt' 'ghc-hxt-charproperties' 'ghc-hxt-charproperties-devel' 'ghc-hxt-devel' 'ghc-hxt-regex-xmlschema' 'ghc-hxt-regex-xmlschema-devel' 'ghc-hxt-unicode' 'ghc-hxt-unicode-devel' 'ghc-hyphenation' 'ghc-hyphenation-devel' 'ghc-ieee754' 'ghc-ieee754-devel' 'ghc-ignore' 'ghc-ignore-devel' 'ghc-imagesize-conduit' 'ghc-imagesize-conduit-devel' 'ghc-immortal' 'ghc-immortal-devel' 'ghc-include-file' 'ghc-include-file-devel' 'ghc-indents' 'ghc-indents-devel' 'ghc-inflections' 'ghc-inflections-devel' 'ghc-ini' 'ghc-ini-devel' 'ghc-inline-c' 'ghc-inline-c-devel' 'ghc-insert-ordered-containers' 'ghc-insert-ordered-containers-devel' 'ghc-integer-logarithms' 'ghc-integer-logarithms-devel' 'ghc-integration' 'ghc-integration-devel' 'ghc-io-choice' 'ghc-io-choice-devel' 'ghc-io-machine' 'ghc-io-machine-devel' 'ghc-io-manager' 'ghc-io-manager-devel' 'ghc-io-memoize' 'ghc-io-memoize-devel' 'ghc-io-region' 'ghc-io-region-devel' 'ghc-io-storage' 'ghc-io-storage-devel' 'ghc-io-streams' 'ghc-io-streams-devel' 'ghc-iproute' 'ghc-iproute-devel' 'ghc-irc' 'ghc-irc-ctcp' 'ghc-irc-ctcp-devel' 'ghc-irc-devel' 'ghc-islink' 'ghc-islink-devel' 'ghc-iso639' 'ghc-iso639-devel' 'ghc-iso8601-time' 'ghc-iso8601-time-devel' 'ghc-iterable' 'ghc-iterable-devel' 'ghc-ix-shapable' 'ghc-ix-shapable-devel' 'ghc-js-flot' 'ghc-js-flot-devel' 'ghc-js-jquery' 'ghc-js-jquery-devel' 'ghc-json' 'ghc-json-devel' 'ghc-jwt' 'ghc-jwt-devel' 'ghc-kan-extensions' 'ghc-kan-extensions-devel' 'ghc-keys' 'ghc-keys-devel' 'ghc-kmeans' 'ghc-kmeans-devel' 'ghc-knob' 'ghc-knob-devel' 'ghc-koofr-client' 'ghc-koofr-client-devel' 'ghc-language-c' 'ghc-language-c-devel' 'ghc-language-java' 'ghc-language-java-devel' 'ghc-language-javascript' 'ghc-language-javascript-devel' 'ghc-language-nix' 'ghc-language-nix-devel' 'ghc-largeword' 'ghc-largeword-devel' 'ghc-lazy-csv' 'ghc-lazy-csv-devel' 'ghc-lca' 'ghc-lca-devel' 'ghc-lens' 'ghc-lens-action' 'ghc-lens-action-devel' 'ghc-lens-aeson' 'ghc-lens-aeson-devel' 'ghc-lens-datetime' 'ghc-lens-datetime-devel' 'ghc-lens-devel' 'ghc-lens-family-core' 'ghc-lens-family-core-devel' 'ghc-leveldb-haskell' 'ghc-leveldb-haskell-devel' 'ghc-libgit' 'ghc-libgit-devel' 'ghc-libinfluxdb' 'ghc-libinfluxdb-devel' 'ghc-libraries' 'ghc-libxml-sax' 'ghc-libxml-sax-devel' 'ghc-lift-generics' 'ghc-lift-generics-devel' 'ghc-lifted-async' 'ghc-lifted-async-devel' 'ghc-lifted-base' 'ghc-lifted-base-devel' 'ghc-linux-file-extents' 'ghc-linux-file-extents-devel' 'ghc-linux-namespaces' 'ghc-linux-namespaces-devel' 'ghc-list-fusion-probe' 'ghc-list-fusion-probe-devel' 'ghc-list-t' 'ghc-list-t-devel' 'ghc-load-env' 'ghc-load-env-devel' 'ghc-loch-th' 'ghc-loch-th-devel' 'ghc-logfloat' 'ghc-logfloat-devel' 'ghc-logging-facade' 'ghc-logging-facade-devel' 'ghc-logict' 'ghc-logict-devel' 'ghc-loop' 'ghc-loop-devel' 'ghc-lrucache' 'ghc-lrucache-devel' 'ghc-magic' 'ghc-magic-devel' 'ghc-managed' 'ghc-managed-devel' 'ghc-mandrill' 'ghc-mandrill-devel' 'ghc-markdown' 'ghc-markdown-devel' 'ghc-markdown-unlit' 'ghc-markdown-unlit-devel' 'ghc-matrices' 'ghc-matrices-devel' 'ghc-maximal-cliques' 'ghc-maximal-cliques-devel' 'ghc-mbox' 'ghc-mbox-devel' 'ghc-memory' 'ghc-memory-devel' 'ghc-mersenne-random-pure64' 'ghc-mersenne-random-pure64-devel' 'ghc-messagepack' 'ghc-messagepack-devel' 'ghc-metrics' 'ghc-metrics-devel' 'ghc-microlens' 'ghc-microlens-aeson' 'ghc-microlens-aeson-devel' 'ghc-microlens-contra' 'ghc-microlens-contra-devel' 'ghc-microlens-devel' 'ghc-microlens-mtl' 'ghc-microlens-mtl-devel' 'ghc-microlens-th' 'ghc-microlens-th-devel' 'ghc-mime-mail' 'ghc-mime-mail-devel' 'ghc-mime-mail-ses' 'ghc-mime-mail-ses-devel' 'ghc-mime-types' 'ghc-mime-types-devel' 'ghc-missing-foreign' 'ghc-missing-foreign-devel' 'ghc-mmap' 'ghc-mmap-devel' 'ghc-mmorph' 'ghc-mmorph-devel' 'ghc-mod' 'ghc-monad-control' 'ghc-monad-control-devel' 'ghc-monad-extras' 'ghc-monad-extras-devel' 'ghc-monad-journal' 'ghc-monad-journal-devel' 'ghc-monad-logger' 'ghc-monad-logger-devel' 'ghc-monad-logger-json' 'ghc-monad-logger-json-devel' 'ghc-monad-loops' 'ghc-monad-loops-devel' 'ghc-monad-parallel' 'ghc-monad-parallel-devel' 'ghc-monad-peel' 'ghc-monad-peel-devel' 'ghc-monad-primitive' 'ghc-monad-primitive-devel' 'ghc-monad-products' 'ghc-monad-products-devel' 'ghc-monad-skeleton' 'ghc-monad-skeleton-devel' 'ghc-monad-time' 'ghc-monad-time-devel' 'ghc-monad-unlift' 'ghc-monad-unlift-devel' 'ghc-monad-unlift-ref' 'ghc-monad-unlift-ref-devel' 'ghc-monadLib' 'ghc-monadLib-devel' 'ghc-monadcryptorandom' 'ghc-monadcryptorandom-devel' 'ghc-monadic-arrays' 'ghc-monadic-arrays-devel' 'ghc-monadloc' 'ghc-monadloc-devel' 'ghc-monadplus' 'ghc-monadplus-devel' 'ghc-monads-tf' 'ghc-monads-tf-devel' 'ghc-mono-traversable' 'ghc-mono-traversable-devel' 'ghc-monoidal-containers' 'ghc-monoidal-containers-devel' 'ghc-mountpoints' 'ghc-mountpoints-devel' 'ghc-mtl' 'ghc-mtl-compat' 'ghc-mtl-compat-devel' 'ghc-mtl-devel' 'ghc-mtl-prelude' 'ghc-mtl-prelude-devel' 'ghc-multiarg' 'ghc-multiarg-devel' 'ghc-multimap' 'ghc-multimap-devel' 'ghc-multipart' 'ghc-multipart-devel' 'ghc-multiset' 'ghc-multiset-comb' 'ghc-multiset-comb-devel' 'ghc-multiset-devel' 'ghc-murmur-hash' 'ghc-murmur-hash-devel' 'ghc-mutable-containers' 'ghc-mutable-containers-devel' 'ghc-mwc-probability' 'ghc-mwc-probability-devel' 'ghc-mwc-random' 'ghc-mwc-random-devel' 'ghc-nagios-check' 'ghc-nagios-check-devel' 'ghc-names-th' 'ghc-names-th-devel' 'ghc-nano-erl' 'ghc-nano-erl-devel' 'ghc-nanospec' 'ghc-nanospec-devel' 'ghc-nats' 'ghc-nats-devel' 'ghc-natural-sort' 'ghc-natural-sort-devel' 'ghc-natural-transformation' 'ghc-natural-transformation-devel' 'ghc-ndjson-conduit' 'ghc-ndjson-conduit-devel' 'ghc-neat-interpolation' 'ghc-neat-interpolation-devel' 'ghc-network' 'ghc-network-attoparsec' 'ghc-network-attoparsec-devel' 'ghc-network-conduit-tls' 'ghc-network-conduit-tls-devel' 'ghc-network-devel' 'ghc-network-info' 'ghc-network-info-devel' 'ghc-network-multicast' 'ghc-network-multicast-devel' 'ghc-network-protocol-xmpp' 'ghc-network-protocol-xmpp-devel' 'ghc-network-simple' 'ghc-network-simple-devel' 'ghc-network-transport' 'ghc-network-transport-devel' 'ghc-network-uri' 'ghc-network-uri-devel' 'ghc-newtype' 'ghc-newtype-devel' 'ghc-nicify-lib' 'ghc-nicify-lib-devel' 'ghc-nix-paths' 'ghc-nix-paths-devel' 'ghc-nonce' 'ghc-nonce-devel' 'ghc-nsis' 'ghc-nsis-devel' 'ghc-numbers' 'ghc-numbers-devel' 'ghc-numeric-extras' 'ghc-numeric-extras-devel' 'ghc-numtype-dk' 'ghc-numtype-dk-devel' 'ghc-old-locale' 'ghc-old-locale-devel' 'ghc-old-time' 'ghc-old-time-devel' 'ghc-oo-prototypes' 'ghc-oo-prototypes-devel' 'ghc-open-browser' 'ghc-open-browser-devel' 'ghc-opensource' 'ghc-opensource-devel' 'ghc-optional-args' 'ghc-optional-args-devel' 'ghc-options' 'ghc-options-devel' 'ghc-optparse-applicative' 'ghc-optparse-applicative-devel' 'ghc-optparse-generic' 'ghc-optparse-generic-devel' 'ghc-optparse-helper' 'ghc-optparse-helper-devel' 'ghc-optparse-simple' 'ghc-optparse-simple-devel' 'ghc-package-description-remote' 'ghc-package-description-remote-devel' 'ghc-palette' 'ghc-palette-devel' 'ghc-pandoc' 'ghc-pandoc-devel' 'ghc-pandoc-types' 'ghc-pandoc-types-devel' 'ghc-pango' 'ghc-pango-devel' 'ghc-parallel' 'ghc-parallel-devel' 'ghc-parallel-io' 'ghc-parallel-io-devel' 'ghc-parseargs' 'ghc-parseargs-devel' 'ghc-parsec' 'ghc-parsec-devel' 'ghc-parsers' 'ghc-parsers-devel' 'ghc-partial-handler' 'ghc-partial-handler-devel' 'ghc-path' 'ghc-path-devel' 'ghc-path-extra' 'ghc-path-extra-devel' 'ghc-path-io' 'ghc-path-io-devel' 'ghc-path-pieces' 'ghc-path-pieces-devel' 'ghc-pathwalk' 'ghc-pathwalk-devel' 'ghc-patience' 'ghc-patience-devel' 'ghc-pattern-arrows' 'ghc-pattern-arrows-devel' 'ghc-pcap' 'ghc-pcap-devel' 'ghc-pcre-heavy' 'ghc-pcre-heavy-devel' 'ghc-pcre-light' 'ghc-pcre-light-devel' 'ghc-pcre-utils' 'ghc-pcre-utils-devel' 'ghc-pem' 'ghc-pem-devel' 'ghc-permutation' 'ghc-permutation-devel' 'ghc-persistent' 'ghc-persistent-devel' 'ghc-persistent-sqlite' 'ghc-persistent-sqlite-devel' 'ghc-persistent-template' 'ghc-persistent-template-devel' 'ghc-pgp-wordlist' 'ghc-pgp-wordlist-devel' 'ghc-phantom-state' 'ghc-phantom-state-devel' 'ghc-pid1' 'ghc-pid1-devel' 'ghc-pinch' 'ghc-pinch-devel' 'ghc-pipes' 'ghc-pipes-concurrency' 'ghc-pipes-concurrency-devel' 'ghc-pipes-devel' 'ghc-pipes-extras' 'ghc-pipes-extras-devel' 'ghc-pipes-http' 'ghc-pipes-http-devel' 'ghc-pipes-parse' 'ghc-pipes-parse-devel' 'ghc-pipes-safe' 'ghc-pipes-safe-devel' 'ghc-pipes-wai' 'ghc-pipes-wai-devel' 'ghc-placeholders' 'ghc-placeholders-devel' 'ghc-plan-b' 'ghc-plan-b-devel' 'ghc-pointed' 'ghc-pointed-devel' 'ghc-pointedlist' 'ghc-pointedlist-devel' 'ghc-pointfree' 'ghc-pointfree-devel' 'ghc-pointful' 'ghc-pointful-devel' 'ghc-pointless-fun' 'ghc-pointless-fun-devel' 'ghc-polyparse' 'ghc-polyparse-devel' 'ghc-posix-realtime' 'ghc-posix-realtime-devel' 'ghc-post-mess-age' 'ghc-post-mess-age-devel' 'ghc-postgresql-libpq' 'ghc-postgresql-libpq-devel' 'ghc-pred-set' 'ghc-pred-set-devel' 'ghc-prefix-units' 'ghc-prefix-units-devel' 'ghc-prelude-extras' 'ghc-prelude-extras-devel' 'ghc-prelude-safeenum' 'ghc-prelude-safeenum-devel' 'ghc-preprocessor-tools' 'ghc-preprocessor-tools-devel' 'ghc-presburger' 'ghc-presburger-devel' 'ghc-pretty' 'ghc-pretty-class' 'ghc-pretty-class-devel' 'ghc-pretty-devel' 'ghc-pretty-hex' 'ghc-pretty-hex-devel' 'ghc-prettyclass' 'ghc-prettyclass-devel' 'ghc-primes' 'ghc-primes-devel' 'ghc-primitive' 'ghc-primitive-devel' 'ghc-process' 'ghc-process-devel' 'ghc-product-profunctors' 'ghc-product-profunctors-devel' 'ghc-profunctors' 'ghc-profunctors-devel' 'ghc-project-template' 'ghc-project-template-devel' 'ghc-projectroot' 'ghc-projectroot-devel' 'ghc-prompt' 'ghc-prompt-devel' 'ghc-protolude' 'ghc-protolude-devel' 'ghc-proxied' 'ghc-proxied-devel' 'ghc-psqueues' 'ghc-psqueues-devel' 'ghc-pure-cdb' 'ghc-pure-cdb-devel' 'ghc-pure-io' 'ghc-pure-io-devel' 'ghc-pureMD5' 'ghc-pureMD5-devel' 'ghc-pwstore-fast' 'ghc-pwstore-fast-devel' 'ghc-pwstore-purehaskell' 'ghc-pwstore-purehaskell-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-instances' 'ghc-quickcheck-instances-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-io' 'ghc-quickcheck-io-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-simple' 'ghc-quickcheck-simple-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-text' 'ghc-quickcheck-text-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-unicode' 'ghc-quickcheck-unicode-devel' 'ghc-random' 'ghc-random-devel' 'ghc-random-shuffle' 'ghc-random-shuffle-devel' 'ghc-range' 'ghc-range-devel' 'ghc-range-set-list' 'ghc-range-set-list-devel' 'ghc-rank1dynamic' 'ghc-rank1dynamic-devel' 'ghc-raw-strings-qq' 'ghc-raw-strings-qq-devel' 'ghc-read-editor' 'ghc-read-editor-devel' 'ghc-read-env-var' 'ghc-read-env-var-devel' 'ghc-readable' 'ghc-readable-devel' 'ghc-readline' 'ghc-readline-devel' 'ghc-recursion-schemes' 'ghc-recursion-schemes-devel' 'ghc-reducers' 'ghc-reducers-devel' 'ghc-ref-fd' 'ghc-ref-fd-devel' 'ghc-refact' 'ghc-refact-devel' 'ghc-reflection' 'ghc-reflection-devel' 'ghc-regex-applicative' 'ghc-regex-applicative-devel' 'ghc-regex-applicative-text' 'ghc-regex-applicative-text-devel' 'ghc-regex-base' 'ghc-regex-base-devel' 'ghc-regex-compat' 'ghc-regex-compat-devel' 'ghc-regex-compat-tdfa' 'ghc-regex-compat-tdfa-devel' 'ghc-regex-pcre' 'ghc-regex-pcre-builtin' 'ghc-regex-pcre-builtin-devel' 'ghc-regex-pcre-devel' 'ghc-regex-posix' 'ghc-regex-posix-devel' 'ghc-regex-tdfa' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-devel' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-rc' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-rc-devel' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-text' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-text-devel' 'ghc-reinterpret-cast' 'ghc-reinterpret-cast-devel' 'ghc-repa' 'ghc-repa-devel' 'ghc-reroute' 'ghc-reroute-devel' 'ghc-resource-pool' 'ghc-resource-pool-devel' 'ghc-resourcet' 'ghc-resourcet-devel' 'ghc-rethinkdb' 'ghc-rethinkdb-devel' 'ghc-retry' 'ghc-retry-devel' 'ghc-rev-state' 'ghc-rev-state-devel' 'ghc-rfc5051' 'ghc-rfc5051-devel' 'ghc-rng-utils' 'ghc-rng-utils-devel' 'ghc-rpm-macros' 'ghc-rpm-macros-extra' 'ghc-runmemo' 'ghc-runmemo-devel' 'ghc-safe' 'ghc-safe-devel' 'ghc-safe-exceptions' 'ghc-safe-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-safecopy' 'ghc-safecopy-devel' 'ghc-sampling' 'ghc-sampling-devel' 'ghc-sandi' 'ghc-sandi-devel' 'ghc-say' 'ghc-say-devel' 'ghc-scanner' 'ghc-scanner-devel' 'ghc-scientific' 'ghc-scientific-devel' 'ghc-scotty' 'ghc-scotty-devel' 'ghc-scrypt' 'ghc-scrypt-devel' 'ghc-securemem' 'ghc-securemem-devel' 'ghc-semigroupoids' 'ghc-semigroupoids-devel' 'ghc-semigroups' 'ghc-semigroups-devel' 'ghc-semiring-simple' 'ghc-semiring-simple-devel' 'ghc-serversession' 'ghc-serversession-devel' 'ghc-set-monad' 'ghc-set-monad-devel' 'ghc-setenv' 'ghc-setenv-devel' 'ghc-setlocale' 'ghc-setlocale-devel' 'ghc-shake' 'ghc-shake-devel' 'ghc-shakespeare' 'ghc-shakespeare-devel' 'ghc-shelly' 'ghc-shelly-devel' 'ghc-shortcut-links' 'ghc-shortcut-links-devel' 'ghc-should-not-typecheck' 'ghc-should-not-typecheck-devel' 'ghc-signal' 'ghc-signal-devel' 'ghc-silently' 'ghc-silently-devel' 'ghc-simple-log' 'ghc-simple-log-devel' 'ghc-simple-reflect' 'ghc-simple-reflect-devel' 'ghc-simple-sendfile' 'ghc-simple-sendfile-devel' 'ghc-simple-smt' 'ghc-simple-smt-devel' 'ghc-skein' 'ghc-skein-devel' 'ghc-skylighting' 'ghc-skylighting-devel' 'ghc-slug' 'ghc-slug-devel' 'ghc-smallcheck' 'ghc-smallcheck-devel' 'ghc-smtp-mail' 'ghc-smtp-mail-devel' 'ghc-snowflake' 'ghc-snowflake-devel' 'ghc-socket' 'ghc-socket-devel' 'ghc-socks' 'ghc-socks-devel' 'ghc-sorted-list' 'ghc-sorted-list-devel' 'ghc-sourcemap' 'ghc-sourcemap-devel' 'ghc-spdx' 'ghc-spdx-devel' 'ghc-split' 'ghc-split-devel' 'ghc-spool' 'ghc-spool-devel' 'ghc-spoon' 'ghc-spoon-devel' 'ghc-sql-words' 'ghc-sql-words-devel' 'ghc-srcloc' 'ghc-srcloc-devel' 'ghc-stack' 'ghc-stack-devel' 'ghc-state-plus' 'ghc-state-plus-devel' 'ghc-stateWriter' 'ghc-stateWriter-devel' 'ghc-stateref' 'ghc-stateref-devel' 'ghc-statestack' 'ghc-statestack-devel' 'ghc-stm' 'ghc-stm-chans' 'ghc-stm-chans-devel' 'ghc-stm-containers' 'ghc-stm-containers-devel' 'ghc-stm-delay' 'ghc-stm-delay-devel' 'ghc-stm-devel' 'ghc-stm-stats' 'ghc-stm-stats-devel' 'ghc-stopwatch' 'ghc-stopwatch-devel' 'ghc-storable-complex' 'ghc-storable-complex-devel' 'ghc-store' 'ghc-store-core' 'ghc-store-core-devel' 'ghc-store-devel' 'ghc-streaming' 'ghc-streaming-commons' 'ghc-streaming-commons-devel' 'ghc-streaming-devel' 'ghc-streamproc' 'ghc-streamproc-devel' 'ghc-strict' 'ghc-strict-devel' 'ghc-string-class' 'ghc-string-class-devel' 'ghc-string-combinators' 'ghc-string-combinators-devel' 'ghc-string-conv' 'ghc-string-conv-devel' 'ghc-string-conversions' 'ghc-string-conversions-devel' 'ghc-string-qq' 'ghc-string-qq-devel' 'ghc-stringable' 'ghc-stringable-devel' 'ghc-stringbuilder' 'ghc-stringbuilder-devel' 'ghc-stringsearch' 'ghc-stringsearch-devel' 'ghc-success' 'ghc-success-devel' 'ghc-sundown' 'ghc-sundown-devel' 'ghc-superbuffer' 'ghc-superbuffer-devel' 'ghc-svg-builder' 'ghc-svg-builder-devel' 'ghc-syb' 'ghc-syb-devel' 'ghc-syb-with-class' 'ghc-syb-with-class-devel' 'ghc-symbol' 'ghc-symbol-devel' 'ghc-system-argv0' 'ghc-system-argv0-devel' 'ghc-system-fileio' 'ghc-system-fileio-devel' 'ghc-system-filepath' 'ghc-system-filepath-devel' 'ghc-system-posix-redirect' 'ghc-system-posix-redirect-devel' 'ghc-syz' 'ghc-syz-devel' 'ghc-tagged' 'ghc-tagged-binary' 'ghc-tagged-binary-devel' 'ghc-tagged-devel' 'ghc-tagshare' 'ghc-tagshare-devel' 'ghc-tagsoup' 'ghc-tagsoup-devel' 'ghc-tagstream-conduit' 'ghc-tagstream-conduit-devel' 'ghc-tar' 'ghc-tar-devel' 'ghc-tardis' 'ghc-tardis-devel' 'ghc-tasty' 'ghc-tasty-devel' 'ghc-tasty-expected-failure' 'ghc-tasty-expected-failure-devel' 'ghc-tasty-golden' 'ghc-tasty-golden-devel' 'ghc-tasty-hunit' 'ghc-tasty-hunit-devel' 'ghc-tasty-kat' 'ghc-tasty-kat-devel' 'ghc-tasty-quickcheck' 'ghc-tasty-quickcheck-devel' 'ghc-tasty-rerun' 'ghc-tasty-rerun-devel' 'ghc-tasty-th' 'ghc-tasty-th-devel' 'ghc-template' 'ghc-template-devel' 'ghc-template-haskell' 'ghc-template-haskell-devel' 'ghc-temporary' 'ghc-temporary-devel' 'ghc-temporary-rc' 'ghc-temporary-rc-devel' 'ghc-terminal-progress-bar' 'ghc-terminal-progress-bar-devel' 'ghc-terminal-size' 'ghc-terminal-size-devel' 'ghc-terminfo' 'ghc-terminfo-devel' 'ghc-test-framework' 'ghc-test-framework-devel' 'ghc-texmath' 'ghc-texmath-devel' 'ghc-text' 'ghc-text-binary' 'ghc-text-binary-devel' 'ghc-text-devel' 'ghc-text-icu' 'ghc-text-icu-devel' 'ghc-text-manipulate' 'ghc-text-manipulate-devel' 'ghc-text-metrics' 'ghc-text-metrics-devel' 'ghc-text-postgresql' 'ghc-text-postgresql-devel' 'ghc-tf-random' 'ghc-tf-random-devel' 'ghc-th-data-compat' 'ghc-th-data-compat-devel' 'ghc-th-expand-syns' 'ghc-th-expand-syns-devel' 'ghc-th-extras' 'ghc-th-extras-devel' 'ghc-th-lift' 'ghc-th-lift-devel' 'ghc-th-lift-instances' 'ghc-th-lift-instances-devel' 'ghc-th-orphans' 'ghc-th-orphans-devel' 'ghc-th-reify-compat' 'ghc-th-reify-compat-devel' 'ghc-th-reify-many' 'ghc-th-reify-many-devel' 'ghc-th-utilities' 'ghc-th-utilities-devel' 'ghc-threads' 'ghc-threads-devel' 'ghc-through-text' 'ghc-through-text-devel' 'ghc-time' 'ghc-time-devel' 'ghc-time-locale-compat' 'ghc-time-locale-compat-devel' 'ghc-time-parsers' 'ghc-time-parsers-devel' 'ghc-timemap' 'ghc-timemap-devel' 'ghc-timezone-series' 'ghc-timezone-series-devel' 'ghc-tinytemplate' 'ghc-tinytemplate-devel' 'ghc-tls' 'ghc-tls-devel' 'ghc-token-bucket' 'ghc-token-bucket-devel' 'ghc-torrent' 'ghc-torrent-devel' 'ghc-tostring' 'ghc-tostring-devel' 'ghc-transformers' 'ghc-transformers-base' 'ghc-transformers-base-devel' 'ghc-transformers-compat' 'ghc-transformers-compat-devel' 'ghc-transformers-devel' 'ghc-transformers-lift' 'ghc-transformers-lift-devel' 'ghc-traverse-with-class' 'ghc-traverse-with-class-devel' 'ghc-tree-view' 'ghc-tree-view-devel' 'ghc-true-name' 'ghc-true-name-devel' 'ghc-tuple' 'ghc-tuple-devel' 'ghc-tuple-th' 'ghc-tuple-th-devel' 'ghc-tuples-homogenous-h98' 'ghc-tuples-homogenous-h98-devel' 'ghc-turtle' 'ghc-turtle-devel' 'ghc-turtle-options' 'ghc-turtle-options-devel' 'ghc-twitter-feed' 'ghc-twitter-feed-devel' 'ghc-type-aligned' 'ghc-type-aligned-devel' 'ghc-type-eq' 'ghc-type-eq-devel' 'ghc-type-level-numbers' 'ghc-type-level-numbers-devel' 'ghc-typed-process' 'ghc-typed-process-devel' 'ghc-typelits-witnesses' 'ghc-typelits-witnesses-devel' 'ghc-uglymemo' 'ghc-uglymemo-devel' 'ghc-unbound-generics' 'ghc-unbound-generics-devel' 'ghc-unbounded-delays' 'ghc-unbounded-delays-devel' 'ghc-unexceptionalio' 'ghc-unexceptionalio-devel' 'ghc-unicode-transforms' 'ghc-unicode-transforms-devel' 'ghc-union-find' 'ghc-union-find-devel' 'ghc-uniplate' 'ghc-uniplate-devel' 'ghc-universe-base' 'ghc-universe-base-devel' 'ghc-unix' 'ghc-unix-bytestring' 'ghc-unix-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-unix-compat' 'ghc-unix-compat-devel' 'ghc-unix-devel' 'ghc-unix-time' 'ghc-unix-time-devel' 'ghc-unordered-containers' 'ghc-unordered-containers-devel' 'ghc-uri-bytestring' 'ghc-uri-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-utf8-light' 'ghc-utf8-light-devel' 'ghc-utf8-string' 'ghc-utf8-string-devel' 'ghc-utility-ht' 'ghc-utility-ht-devel' 'ghc-uu-interleaved' 'ghc-uu-interleaved-devel' 'ghc-uuid' 'ghc-uuid-devel' 'ghc-uuid-types' 'ghc-uuid-types-devel' 'ghc-validate-input' 'ghc-validate-input-devel' 'ghc-validation' 'ghc-validation-devel' 'ghc-validity' 'ghc-validity-devel' 'ghc-vault' 'ghc-vault-devel' 'ghc-vector' 'ghc-vector-algorithms' 'ghc-vector-algorithms-devel' 'ghc-vector-binary-instances' 'ghc-vector-binary-instances-devel' 'ghc-vector-buffer' 'ghc-vector-buffer-devel' 'ghc-vector-devel' 'ghc-vector-instances' 'ghc-vector-instances-devel' 'ghc-vector-space' 'ghc-vector-space-devel' 'ghc-vector-th-unbox' 'ghc-vector-th-unbox-devel' 'ghc-vinyl' 'ghc-vinyl-devel' 'ghc-void' 'ghc-void-devel' 'ghc-wai' 'ghc-wai-app-static' 'ghc-wai-app-static-devel' 'ghc-wai-conduit' 'ghc-wai-conduit-devel' 'ghc-wai-devel' 'ghc-wai-eventsource' 'ghc-wai-eventsource-devel' 'ghc-wai-extra' 'ghc-wai-extra-devel' 'ghc-wai-logger' 'ghc-wai-logger-devel' 'ghc-wai-middleware-caching' 'ghc-wai-middleware-caching-devel' 'ghc-waitra' 'ghc-waitra-devel' 'ghc-warp' 'ghc-warp-devel' 'ghc-warp-tls' 'ghc-warp-tls-devel' 'ghc-web-plugins' 'ghc-web-plugins-devel' 'ghc-web-routes' 'ghc-web-routes-devel' 'ghc-websockets' 'ghc-websockets-devel' 'ghc-weigh' 'ghc-weigh-devel' 'ghc-with-location' 'ghc-with-location-devel' 'ghc-witherable' 'ghc-witherable-devel' 'ghc-wl-pprint' 'ghc-wl-pprint-devel' 'ghc-wl-pprint-extras' 'ghc-wl-pprint-extras-devel' 'ghc-wl-pprint-text' 'ghc-wl-pprint-text-devel' 'ghc-word-trie' 'ghc-word-trie-devel' 'ghc-word8' 'ghc-word8-devel' 'ghc-wrap' 'ghc-wrap-devel' 'ghc-wreq' 'ghc-wreq-devel' 'ghc-x509' 'ghc-x509-devel' 'ghc-x509-store' 'ghc-x509-store-devel' 'ghc-x509-system' 'ghc-x509-system-devel' 'ghc-x509-validation' 'ghc-x509-validation-devel' 'ghc-xdg-basedir' 'ghc-xdg-basedir-devel' 'ghc-xenstore' 'ghc-xenstore-devel' 'ghc-xhtml' 'ghc-xhtml-devel' 'ghc-xlsior' 'ghc-xlsior-devel' 'ghc-xml' 'ghc-xml-conduit' 'ghc-xml-conduit-devel' 'ghc-xml-conduit-writer' 'ghc-xml-conduit-writer-devel' 'ghc-xml-devel' 'ghc-xml-hamlet' 'ghc-xml-hamlet-devel' 'ghc-xml-lens' 'ghc-xml-lens-devel' 'ghc-xml-to-json-fast' 'ghc-xml-to-json-fast-devel' 'ghc-xml-types' 'ghc-xml-types-devel' 'ghc-xmlgen' 'ghc-xmlgen-devel' 'ghc-xmlhtml' 'ghc-xmlhtml-devel' 'ghc-xmonad' 'ghc-xmonad-contrib' 'ghc-xmonad-contrib-devel' 'ghc-xmonad-devel' 'ghc-xss-sanitize' 'ghc-xss-sanitize-devel' 'ghc-yaml' 'ghc-yaml-devel' 'ghc-yesod' 'ghc-yesod-auth' 'ghc-yesod-auth-basic' 'ghc-yesod-auth-basic-devel' 'ghc-yesod-auth-devel' 'ghc-yesod-core' 'ghc-yesod-core-devel' 'ghc-yesod-default' 'ghc-yesod-default-devel' 'ghc-yesod-devel' 'ghc-yesod-form' 'ghc-yesod-form-devel' 'ghc-yesod-form-richtext' 'ghc-yesod-form-richtext-devel' 'ghc-yesod-gitrepo' 'ghc-yesod-gitrepo-devel' 'ghc-yesod-gitrev' 'ghc-yesod-gitrev-devel' 'ghc-yesod-newsfeed' 'ghc-yesod-newsfeed-devel' 'ghc-yesod-persistent' 'ghc-yesod-persistent-devel' 'ghc-yesod-sitemap' 'ghc-yesod-sitemap-devel' 'ghc-yesod-static' 'ghc-yesod-static-devel' 'ghc-yesod-table' 'ghc-yesod-table-devel' 'ghc-yjtools' 'ghc-yjtools-devel' 'ghc-zero' 'ghc-zero-devel' 'ghc-zip-archive' 'ghc-zip-archive-devel' 'ghc-zippers' 'ghc-zippers-devel' 'ghc-zlib' 'ghc-zlib-bindings' 'ghc-zlib-bindings-devel' 'ghc-zlib-devel' 'ghc-zlib-lens' 'ghc-zlib-lens-devel' 'ghcid' 'ghex' 'ghex-devel' 'ghex-lang' 'ghostscript' 'ghostscript' 'ghostscript-cjk' 'ghostscript-devel' 'ghostscript-fonts' 'ghostscript-fonts-grops' 'ghostscript-fonts-other' 'ghostscript-fonts-std' 'ghostscript-mini' 'ghostscript-mini' 'ghostscript-mini-devel' 'ghostscript-x11' 'ghostview' 'ghostwriter' 'giada' 'giada' 'giada-debuginfo' 'giada-debugsource' 'giblib-devel' 'giflib-devel' 'giflib-devel-32bit' 'giflib-progs' 'gifsicle' 'gifsicle' 'gigaset-frontend' 'gigaset-frontend-qt' 'gigedit' 'gigedit' 'gigedit-debuginfo' 'gigedit-debugsource' 'giggle' 'giggle-devel' 'giggle-lang' 'gigolo' 'gigolo-lang' 'gimmix' 'gimmix' 'gimmix-debuginfo' 'gimmix-debugsource' 'gimp' 'gimp' 'gimp' 'gimp-devel' 'gimp-gap' 'gimp-gap-lang' 'gimp-help' 'gimp-help-browser' 'gimp-help-ca' 'gimp-help-da' 'gimp-help-de' 'gimp-help-el' 'gimp-help-en_GB' 'gimp-help-es' 'gimp-help-fi' 'gimp-help-fr' 'gimp-help-hr' 'gimp-help-it' 'gimp-help-ja' 'gimp-help-ko' 'gimp-help-lt' 'gimp-help-nl' 'gimp-help-nn' 'gimp-help-pl' 'gimp-help-pt_BR' 'gimp-help-ru' 'gimp-help-sl' 'gimp-help-sv' 'gimp-help-zh' 'gimp-lang' 'gimp-plugin-aa' 'gimp-plugin-dds' 'gimp-plugin-dds-doc' 'gimp-plugin-lqr' 'gimp-plugin-lqr-lang' 'gimp-plugins-python' 'gimp-save-for-web' 'gimp-save-for-web-lang' 'gimp-ufraw' 'ginac' 'gio-branding-openSUSE' 'gio-branding-upstream' 'gio-sharp' 'gio-sharp-devel' 'gio-sharp3' 'gio-sharp3-devel' 'girara-devel' 'girepository-1_0' 'girl' 'girl-lang' 'git' 'git' 'git-annex' 'git-annex' 'git-annex-bash-completion' 'git-arch' 'git-bz' 'git-cola' 'git-core' 'git-credential-gnome-keyring' 'git-cvs' 'git-daemon' 'git-doc' 'git-email' 'git-gui' 'git-merge-changelog' 'git-review' 'git-svn' 'git-test' 'git-web' 'gitg' 'gitg' 'gitg-lang' 'gitk' 'gitolite' 'gitslave' 'gitslave-doc' 'givaro-devel' 'givaro-doc' 'gjiten' 'gjs' 'gkeyfile-sharp' 'gkeyfile-sharp-devel' 'gkrellm' 'gkrellm-cpufreq' 'gkrellm-cpufreq' 'gkrellm-cpupower' 'gkrellm-cpupower' 'gkrellm-devel' 'gkrellm-lang' 'gl2ps-devel' 'glabels' 'glabels-devel' 'glabels-lang' 'glade' 'glade-catalog-anjuta' 'glade-catalog-evolution' 'glade-catalog-gitg' 'glade-catalog-gtkhtml' 'glade-catalog-gtksourceview' 'glade-catalog-libpeas' 'glade-catalog-vte' 'glade-lang' 'glade-sharp2' 'glade3' 'glade3-catalog-gtksourceview' 'glade3-catalog-libxfce4ui' 'glade3-catalog-vte' 'glade3-lang' 'glaurung121' 'glaurung121' 'glaurung121-debuginfo' 'glaurung121-debugsource' 'glaurung22' 'glaurung22' 'glaurung22-debuginfo' 'glaurung22-debugsource' 'gle-graphics' 'gle-graphics-doc' 'glew' 'glew-devel' 'glfw2-devel' 'glib-networking' 'glib-networking-32bit' 'glib-networking-lang' 'glib-sharp2' 'glib-sharp3' 'glib2-devel' 'glib2-devel-32bit' 'glib2-devel-static' 'glib2-lang' 'glib2-tools' 'glib2-tools-32bit' 'glibc' 'glibc' 'glibc-32bit' 'glibc-devel' 'glibc-devel-32bit' 'glibc-devel-static' 'glibc-devel-static-32bit' 'glibc-extra' 'glibc-html' 'glibc-i18ndata' 'glibc-info' 'glibc-locale' 'glibc-locale-32bit' 'glibc-profile' 'glibc-profile-32bit' 'glibc-testsuite' 'glibc-utils' 'glibc-utils' 'glibc-utils-32bit' 'glibmm2-devel' 'glipper' 'glipper-lang' 'glm-devel' 'glm-doc' 'glmark2' 'global' 'global' 'glog-devel' 'gloox' 'gloox-debugsource' 'gloox-devel' 'glpk' 'glpk-devel' 'glpk-doc' 'glproto-devel' 'glslang-devel' 'gltt' 'gltt-devel' 'glu-devel' 'glu-devel-32bit' 'glucat-devel' 'glucat-doc' 'gluegen2' 'gluegen2-devel' 'glusterfs' 'glusterfs-devel' 'glxosd' 'glxosd-32bit' 'glxosd-nvidia-plugin' 'glxosd-sensors-plugin' 'glyr-devel' 'glyrc' 'gmerlin' 'gmerlin' 'gmerlin-alsamixer' 'gmerlin-alsamixer-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-avdecoder' 'gmerlin-avdecoder' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-debugsource' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-lang' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-plugins' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-plugins-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-doc' 'gmerlin-effectv' 'gmerlin-effectv' 'gmerlin-effectv-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-effectv-debugsource' 'gmerlin-encoders' 'gmerlin-encoders' 'gmerlin-encoders-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-encoders-debugsource' 'gmerlin-encoders-lang' 'gmerlin-gavf-tools' 'gmerlin-gavf-tools-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-jack' 'gmerlin-jack-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-kbd' 'gmerlin-kbd-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-lang' 'gmerlin-player' 'gmerlin-player-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-plugincfg' 'gmerlin-plugincfg-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-recorder' 'gmerlin-recorder-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-transcoder' 'gmerlin-transcoder-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-utils' 'gmerlin-utils-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-visualizer' 'gmerlin-visualizer-debuginfo' 'gmime-devel' 'gmixer' 'gmp-devel' 'gmp-devel-32bit' 'gmp-ecm' 'gmp-ecm-devel' 'gmp3info' 'gmp3info-debuginfo' 'gmpc' 'gmpc' 'gmpc-alarm' 'gmpc-alarm' 'gmpc-alarm-debuginfo' 'gmpc-alarm-debugsource' 'gmpc-albumview' 'gmpc-albumview-debuginfo' 'gmpc-avahi' 'gmpc-avahi' 'gmpc-avahi-debuginfo' 'gmpc-avahi-debugsource' 'gmpc-awn' 'gmpc-awn' 'gmpc-awn-debuginfo' 'gmpc-awn-debugsource' 'gmpc-debuginfo' 'gmpc-debugsource' 'gmpc-devel' 'gmpc-discogs' 'gmpc-discogs' 'gmpc-discogs-debuginfo' 'gmpc-discogs-debugsource' 'gmpc-doc' 'gmpc-extraplaylist' 'gmpc-extraplaylist' 'gmpc-extraplaylist-debuginfo' 'gmpc-extraplaylist-debugsource' 'gmpc-jamendo' 'gmpc-jamendo-debuginfo' 'gmpc-last-fm' 'gmpc-last-fm' 'gmpc-last-fm-debuginfo' 'gmpc-last-fm-debugsource' 'gmpc-libnotify' 'gmpc-libnotify' 'gmpc-libnotify-debuginfo' 'gmpc-libnotify-debugsource' 'gmpc-lirc' 'gmpc-lirc' 'gmpc-lirc-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lirc-debugsource' 'gmpc-lyrics' 'gmpc-lyrics' 'gmpc-lyrics-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lyrics-debugsource' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin-debugsource' 'gmpc-lyricwiki' 'gmpc-lyricwiki' 'gmpc-lyricwiki-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lyricwiki-debugsource' 'gmpc-magnatune' 'gmpc-magnatune-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mdcover' 'gmpc-mdcover' 'gmpc-mdcover-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mdcover-debugsource' 'gmpc-mmkeys' 'gmpc-mmkeys' 'gmpc-mmkeys-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mmkeys-debugsource' 'gmpc-mserver' 'gmpc-mserver' 'gmpc-mserver-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mserver-debugsource' 'gmpc-notify-osd' 'gmpc-notify-osd' 'gmpc-notify-osd-debuginfo' 'gmpc-notify-osd-debugsource' 'gmpc-playlistsort' 'gmpc-playlistsort' 'gmpc-playlistsort-debuginfo' 'gmpc-playlistsort-debugsource' 'gmpc-plugins' 'gmpc-plugins-debugsource' 'gmpc-shout' 'gmpc-shout' 'gmpc-shout-debuginfo' 'gmpc-shout-debugsource' 'gmpc-tagedit' 'gmpc-tagedit-debuginfo' 'gmpc-wikipedia' 'gmpc-wikipedia' 'gmpc-wikipedia-debuginfo' 'gmpc-wikipedia-debugsource' 'gmplayer' 'gmusicbrowser' 'gmusicbrowser' 'gmusicbrowser-lang' 'gnac' 'gnac-lang' 'gnaural' 'gnaural' 'gnaural-debuginfo' 'gnaural-debugsource' 'gnet' 'gnet-devel' 'gnet-doc' 'gnokii' 'gnokii-devel' 'gnokii-lang' 'gnokii-smsd' 'gnome' 'gnome-2048' 'gnome-2048-lang' 'gnome-activity-journal' 'gnome-activity-journal-lang' 'gnome-autoar' 'gnome-autoar-devel' 'gnome-backgrounds' 'gnome-backgrounds-lang' 'gnome-bluetooth' 'gnome-bluetooth-devel' 'gnome-bluetooth-lang' 'gnome-bluetooth-plugin-phone-manager' 'gnome-books' 'gnome-boxes' 'gnome-boxes-lang' 'gnome-break-timer' 'gnome-break-timer-lang' 'gnome-btdownload' 'gnome-btdownload' 'gnome-builder' 'gnome-builder-lang' 'gnome-builder-plugin-clang' 'gnome-builder-plugin-ctags' 'gnome-builder-plugin-devhelp' 'gnome-builder-plugin-fpaste' 'gnome-builder-plugin-gettext' 'gnome-builder-plugin-gnome-code-assistance' 'gnome-builder-plugin-html-completion' 'gnome-builder-plugin-jedi' 'gnome-builder-plugin-jhbuild' 'gnome-builder-plugin-mingw' 'gnome-builder-plugin-symbol-tree' 'gnome-builder-plugin-sysmon' 'gnome-builder-plugin-todo' 'gnome-builder-plugin-vala-pack' 'gnome-builder-plugin-xml-pack' 'gnome-calculator' 'gnome-calculator-lang' 'gnome-calendar' 'gnome-calendar-lang' 'gnome-characters' 'gnome-characters-lang' 'gnome-chess' 'gnome-chess-lang' 'gnome-clocks' 'gnome-clocks-lang' 'gnome-code-assistance' 'gnome-color-chooser' 'gnome-color-chooser-lang' 'gnome-color-manager' 'gnome-color-manager-lang' 'gnome-colors-icon-theme' 'gnome-commander' 'gnome-commander-lang' 'gnome-common' 'gnome-contacts' 'gnome-contacts-lang' 'gnome-control-center' 'gnome-control-center-color' 'gnome-control-center-devel' 'gnome-control-center-goa' 'gnome-control-center-lang' 'gnome-control-center-user-faces' 'gnome-desktop' 'gnome-desktop-lang' 'gnome-desktop-sharp2' 'gnome-desktop-sharp2-devel' 'gnome-desktop2' 'gnome-desktop2-lang' 'gnome-devel-docs' 'gnome-devel-docs-lang' 'gnome-dictionary' 'gnome-dictionary-lang' 'gnome-directory-thumbnailer' 'gnome-directory-thumbnailer-lang' 'gnome-disk-utility' 'gnome-disk-utility-lang' 'gnome-doc-utils' 'gnome-doc-utils-devel' 'gnome-doc-utils-lang' 'gnome-documents' 'gnome-documents' 'gnome-documents-lang' 'gnome-documents_books-common' 'gnome-dvb-daemon' 'gnome-dvb-daemon-lang' 'gnome-epub-thumbnailer' 'gnome-font-viewer' 'gnome-font-viewer-lang' 'gnome-games' 'gnome-games-extra-data' 'gnome-games-recommended' 'gnome-games-scripts' 'gnome-genius' 'gnome-getting-started-docs' 'gnome-getting-started-docs-lang' 'gnome-gmail' 'gnome-gmail-lang' 'gnome-gmail-notifier' 'gnome-gmail-notifier-lang' 'gnome-icon-theme' 'gnome-icon-theme-extras' 'gnome-icon-theme-symbolic' 'gnome-initial-setup' 'gnome-initial-setup-lang' 'gnome-js-common' 'gnome-keyring' 'gnome-keyring' 'gnome-keyring-32bit' 'gnome-keyring-lang' 'gnome-keyring-pam' 'gnome-keyring-pam-32bit' 'gnome-keyring-sharp' 'gnome-keyring-sharp-devel' 'gnome-keysign' 'gnome-klotski' 'gnome-klotski-lang' 'gnome-logs' 'gnome-logs-lang' 'gnome-mahjongg' 'gnome-mahjongg-lang' 'gnome-maps' 'gnome-maps-lang' 'gnome-menus' 'gnome-menus-branding-openSUSE' 'gnome-menus-branding-upstream' 'gnome-menus-devel' 'gnome-menus-lang' 'gnome-mime-data' 'gnome-mines' 'gnome-mines-lang' 'gnome-mpv' 'gnome-mpv-lang' 'gnome-multi-writer' 'gnome-multi-writer-lang' 'gnome-music' 'gnome-music-lang' 'gnome-nettool' 'gnome-nettool-lang' 'gnome-nibbles' 'gnome-nibbles-lang' 'gnome-online-accounts' 'gnome-online-accounts-devel' 'gnome-online-accounts-lang' 'gnome-online-miners' 'gnome-packagekit' 'gnome-packagekit' 'gnome-packagekit-extras' 'gnome-packagekit-lang' 'gnome-patch-translation' 'gnome-phone-manager' 'gnome-phone-manager-lang' 'gnome-photos' 'gnome-photos-lang' 'gnome-pie' 'gnome-pomodoro' 'gnome-pomodoro-lang' 'gnome-power-manager' 'gnome-power-manager-lang' 'gnome-print-sharp' 'gnome-python-desktop' 'gnome-python-desktop-devel' 'gnome-robots' 'gnome-robots-lang' 'gnome-schedule' 'gnome-schedule-lang' 'gnome-screenshot' 'gnome-screenshot-lang' 'gnome-search-tool' 'gnome-search-tool-lang' 'gnome-session' 'gnome-session-core' 'gnome-session-default-session' 'gnome-session-lang' 'gnome-settings-daemon' 'gnome-settings-daemon' 'gnome-settings-daemon-devel' 'gnome-settings-daemon-lang' 'gnome-sharp2' 'gnome-sharp2-complete' 'gnome-shell' 'gnome-shell' 'gnome-shell-browser-plugin' 'gnome-shell-calendar' 'gnome-shell-classic' 'gnome-shell-devel' 'gnome-shell-extension-gpaste' 'gnome-shell-extensions-common' 'gnome-shell-extensions-common-lang' 'gnome-shell-lang' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-bijiben' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-boxes' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-contacts' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-documents' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-epiphany' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-calculator' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-calendar' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-characters' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-clocks' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-photos' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-terminal' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-weather' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnote' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-nautilus' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-seahorse' 'gnome-software' 'gnome-software-lang' 'gnome-sound-recorder' 'gnome-sound-recorder-lang' 'gnome-subtitles' 'gnome-subtitles-lang' 'gnome-sudoku' 'gnome-sudoku-lang' 'gnome-system-monitor' 'gnome-system-monitor-lang' 'gnome-taquin' 'gnome-taquin-lang' 'gnome-terminal' 'gnome-terminal-lang' 'gnome-tetravex' 'gnome-tetravex-lang' 'gnome-themes' 'gnome-themes-accessibility' 'gnome-themes-accessibility-gtk2' 'gnome-themes-extras' 'gnome-themes-lang' 'gnome-todo' 'gnome-todo-devel' 'gnome-todo-lang' 'gnome-tweak-tool' 'gnome-tweak-tool-lang' 'gnome-user-docs' 'gnome-user-docs-lang' 'gnome-user-share' 'gnome-user-share-lang' 'gnome-version' 'gnome-vfs-monikers' 'gnome-vfs-sharp2' 'gnome-vfs2' 'gnome-vfs2-32bit' 'gnome-vfs2-devel' 'gnome-vfs2-doc' 'gnome-vfs2-lang' 'gnome-video-arcade' 'gnome-video-arcade' 'gnome-video-arcade-debuginfo' 'gnome-video-arcade-debugsource' 'gnome-video-arcade-lang' 'gnome-video-effects' 'gnome-video-effects-devel' 'gnome-weather' 'gnome-weather-lang' 'gnome-web-photo' 'gnome-web-photo-lang' 'gnome_basis' 'gnote' 'gnote-lang' 'gns3' 'gns3-net-converter' 'gns3-server' 'gnu-compilers-hpc' 'gnu-compilers-hpc' 'gnu-compilers-hpc-devel' 'gnu-compilers-hpc-macros-devel' 'gnu-crypto' 'gnu-efi' 'gnu-free-fonts' 'gnu-getopt' 'gnu-getopt-javadoc' 'gnu-inetlib' 'gnu-jaf' 'gnu-netcat' 'gnu-regexp' 'gnu-regexp-demo' 'gnu-regexp-javadoc' 'gnu-unifont-bitmap-fonts' 'gnu-unifont-legacy-bitmap-fonts' 'gnu_ddrescue' 'gnu_parallel' 'gnu_parallel-doc' 'gnubg' 'gnubg-databases' 'gnubg-doc' 'gnubg-lang' 'gnubg-sounds' 'gnucap' 'gnucash' 'gnucash-devel' 'gnucash-docs' 'gnucash-lang' 'gnuchess' 'gnugk' 'gnugo' 'gnuhealth' 'gnuhealth' 'gnuhealth-client' 'gnuhealth-client' 'gnumeric' 'gnumeric-devel' 'gnumeric-lang' 'gnump3d' 'gnunet' 'gnunet' 'gnunet-debuginfo' 'gnunet-debugsource' 'gnunet-devel' 'gnunet-lang' 'gnunet-mysql' 'gnunet-mysql-debuginfo' 'gnunet-plugins' 'gnunet-plugins-debuginfo' 'gnunet-postgresql' 'gnunet-postgresql-debuginfo' 'gnunet-sqlite' 'gnunet-sqlite-debuginfo' 'gnuplot' 'gnuplot-doc' 'gnuradio' 'gnuradio-devel' 'gnuradio-doc' 'gnuradio-examples' 'gnuradio-examples-wxgui' 'gnuradio-wxgui' 'gnuserv' 'gnusocialshell' 'gnustep-base' 'gnustep-base' 'gnustep-base-devel' 'gnustep-make' 'gnutls' 'go' 'go' 'go-doc' 'go-for-it' 'go-for-it-lang' 'go-mango-doc' 'go-md2man' 'go-race' 'go-tools' 'go1.7' 'go1.7' 'go1.7-doc' 'go1.7-race' 'go1.8' 'go1.8' 'go1.8-doc' 'go1.8-race' 'go1.9' 'go1.9' 'go1.9-doc' 'go1.9-race' 'goatattack' 'goatattack-data' 'gob2' 'gobby' 'gobby-lang' 'gobject-introspection' 'gobject-introspection-devel' 'gocr' 'gocr-gui' 'goffice-0_8-devel' 'goffice-0_8-lang' 'goffice-devel' 'goffice-lang' 'gogglesmm' 'gogglesmm' 'gogglesmm-lang' 'golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian' 'golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian' 'golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian-source' 'golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man' 'golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man' 'golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man-source' 'golang-github-dchest-authcookie' 'golang-github-dchest-authcookie' 'golang-github-dchest-authcookie-source' 'golang-github-docker-libnetwork' 'golang-github-docker-libnetwork' 'golang-github-exercism-cli' 'golang-github-exercism-cli' 'golang-github-exercism-cli-source' 'golang-github-fitstar-falcore' 'golang-github-fitstar-falcore' 'golang-github-fitstar-falcore-source' 'golang-github-golang-geo' 'golang-github-golang-geo' 'golang-github-golang-glog' 'golang-github-golang-glog' 'golang-github-golang-glog-source' 'golang-github-golang-protobuf' 'golang-github-golang-protobuf' 'golang-github-gorilla-context' 'golang-github-gorilla-context' 'golang-github-gorilla-context-source' 'golang-github-gorilla-websocket' 'golang-github-gorilla-websocket' 'golang-github-hoisie-httplib' 'golang-github-hoisie-httplib' 'golang-github-hoisie-httplib-source' 'golang-github-hoisie-mustache' 'golang-github-hoisie-mustache' 'golang-github-hoisie-mustache-source' 'golang-github-hoisie-web' 'golang-github-hoisie-web' 'golang-github-hoisie-web-source' 'golang-github-jpoirier-cpu' 'golang-github-jpoirier-cpu' 'golang-github-jpoirier-cpu-source' 'golang-github-kr-pty' 'golang-github-kr-pty' 'golang-github-kr-pty-source' 'golang-github-kr-text' 'golang-github-kr-text' 'golang-github-kr-text-source' 'golang-github-petar-gollrb' 'golang-github-petar-gollrb' 'golang-github-petar-gollrb-source' 'golang-github-philio-gomysql' 'golang-github-philio-gomysql' 'golang-github-philio-gomysql-source' 'golang-github-russross-blackfriday' 'golang-github-russross-blackfriday' 'golang-github-russross-blackfriday-source' 'golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name' 'golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name' 'golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name-source' 'golang-google-golangorg-api' 'golang-google-golangorg-api-source' 'golang-google-golangorg-appengine' 'golang-google-golangorg-appengine' 'golang-google-golangorg-appengine-source' 'golang-google-golangorg-cloud' 'golang-google-golangorg-cloud-source' 'golang-googlecode-couch-go' 'golang-googlecode-couch-go' 'golang-googlecode-couch-go-source' 'golang-googlecode-freetype-go' 'golang-googlecode-freetype-go' 'golang-googlecode-go-gb' 'golang-googlecode-goconf' 'golang-googlecode-goconf' 'golang-googlecode-goconf-source' 'golang-googlecode-mango-doc' 'golang-googlecode-mango-doc' 'golang-gopkgin-check' 'golang-gopkgin-check' 'golang-gopkgin-check-source' 'golang-org-x-crypto' 'golang-org-x-crypto' 'golang-org-x-debug' 'golang-org-x-debug' 'golang-org-x-debug-debugproxy' 'golang-org-x-image' 'golang-org-x-image' 'golang-org-x-image-source' 'golang-org-x-net' 'golang-org-x-net' 'golang-org-x-net-context' 'golang-org-x-net-context' 'golang-org-x-net-html' 'golang-org-x-net-html' 'golang-org-x-net-source' 'golang-org-x-net-websocket' 'golang-org-x-net-websocket' 'golang-org-x-oauth2' 'golang-org-x-oauth2-source' 'golang-org-x-sync' 'golang-org-x-sync' 'golang-org-x-sys' 'golang-org-x-sys' 'golang-org-x-sys-source' 'golang-org-x-text' 'golang-org-x-text' 'golang-org-x-text-source' 'golang-org-x-time-rate' 'golang-org-x-time-rate' 'golang-org-x-tools' 'golang-org-x-tools' 'golang-org-x-tools-source' 'golang-packaging' 'golang-packaging' 'goldendict' 'gom-devel' 'gom-lang' 'gonvert' 'goobox' 'goobox-lang' 'goocanvas-devel' 'goocanvas-lang' 'google-alegreya-fonts' 'google-allerta-fonts' 'google-anonymouspro-fonts' 'google-arimo-fonts' 'google-authenticator-libpam' 'google-authenticator-libpam-32bit' 'google-cabin-fonts' 'google-caladea-fonts' 'google-cardo-fonts' 'google-carlito-fonts' 'google-chrome-beta' 'google-chrome-stable' 'google-chrome-unstable' 'google-cloud-sdk' 'google-cloud-sdk' 'google-cloud-sdk-doc' 'google-cousine-fonts' 'google-croscore-fonts' 'google-daemon' 'google-droid-fonts' 'google-exo-fonts' 'google-inconsolata-fonts' 'google-lekton-fonts' 'google-merriweather-fonts' 'google-nobile-fonts' 'google-noto-fonts-doc' 'google-opensans-fonts' 'google-play-music-desktop-player' 'google-roboto-fonts' 'google-roboto-mono-fonts' 'google-startup-scripts' 'google-symbolneu-fonts' 'google-tinos-fonts' 'googletest-devel' 'gos-wallpapers' 'gostcrypt' 'gostcrypt' 'gotext' 'gource' 'gourmet' 'gourmet-lang' 'govpn' 'govpn-server' 'gp2c' 'gpa' 'gpa-lang' 'gpac' 'gpac' 'gpac-debuginfo' 'gpac-debugsource' 'gpart' 'gparted' 'gparted-lang' 'gpaste' 'gpaste-devel' 'gpaste-lang' 'gperf' 'gperftools' 'gperftools-devel' 'gperiodic' 'gperiodic-lang' 'gpg-offline' 'gpg2' 'gpg2-lang' 'gpgme' 'gpgmepp5' 'gpgmepp5-32bit' 'gpgmepp5-devel' 'gpgmepp5-devel-32bit' 'gphoto' 'gphotofs' 'gpick' 'gpick-lang' 'gpicview' 'gpicview-lang' 'gpm' 'gpm-32bit' 'gpm-devel' 'gpodder' 'gpodder' 'gpodder3' 'gpodder3' 'gpomme' 'gpredict' 'gpredict-lang' 'gprename' 'gprename-lang' 'gpresagemate' 'gprompter' 'gpsbabel' 'gpsd' 'gpsd-clients' 'gpsd-devel' 'gptfdisk' 'gptfdisk-fixparts' 'gpusd' 'gpusd-devel' 'gpusd-doc' 'gputils' 'gputils-doc' 'gpxsee' 'gq' 'grabpng' 'gradio' 'gradio-lang' 'gradle-open-api' 'grail' 'grail-devel' 'gramofile' 'gramps' 'gramps-lang' 'granatier' 'granatier-lang' 'granite-common' 'granite-demo' 'granite-devel' 'grantlee-devel' 'grantlee-editor' 'grantlee-editor-lang' 'grantlee5' 'grantlee5-32bit' 'grantlee5-devel' 'grantlee5-devel-32bit' 'grantleetheme' 'grantleetheme-devel' 'grantleetheme-lang' 'graphite2' 'graphite2-devel' 'graphviz' 'graphviz' 'graphviz-devel' 'graphviz-doc' 'graphviz-gd' 'graphviz-gnome' 'graphviz-guile' 'graphviz-gvedit' 'graphviz-gvedit' 'graphviz-java' 'graphviz-lua' 'graphviz-perl' 'graphviz-php' 'graphviz-plugins' 'graphviz-python' 'graphviz-ruby' 'graphviz-smyrna' 'graphviz-smyrna' 'graphviz-tcl' 'grc' 'greenbone-security-assistant' 'grep' 'grfcodec' 'gri' 'grilo-devel' 'grilo-lang' 'grilo-plugin-dleyna' 'grilo-plugin-tracker' 'grilo-plugin-youtube' 'grilo-plugins' 'grilo-plugins-lang' 'grilo-tools' 'grip' 'grip' 'grip-debuginfo' 'grip-debugsource' 'grip-lang' 'groff' 'groff-doc' 'groff-full' 'gromacs' 'gromacs-bash' 'gromacs-devel' 'gromacs-doc' 'gromacs-openmpi' 'gromit' 'groove' 'groove-debugsource' 'growpart' 'grsync' 'grsync-lang' 'grub' 'grub2' 'grub2' 'grub2-branding-openSUSE' 'grub2-branding-upstream' 'grub2-i386-pc' 'grub2-snapper-plugin' 'grub2-systemd-sleep-plugin' 'grub2-theme-breeze' 'grub2-x86_64-efi' 'grub2-x86_64-xen' 'grubby' 'gsettings-backend-dconf' 'gsettings-backend-dconf-32bit' 'gsettings-desktop-schemas' 'gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel' 'gsettings-desktop-schemas-lang' 'gsf-office-thumbnailer' 'gsignond' 'gsignond-devel' 'gsignond-doc' 'gsignond-plugin-oauth' 'gsl' 'gsl-devel' 'gsmartcontrol' 'gsoap' 'gsoap-devel' 'gsoap-doc' 'gsound' 'gsound-devel' 'gspell-devel' 'gspell-lang' 'gssdp-utils' 'gst-rtsp-server-devel' 'gst123' 'gst123' 'gst123-debuginfo' 'gst123-debugsource' 'gstreamer' 'gstreamer' 'gstreamer-0_10' 'gstreamer-0_10' 'gstreamer-0_10-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-devel' 'gstreamer-0_10-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-fluendo-mp3' 'gstreamer-0_10-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-gnomevfs' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-gnomevfs-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-devel' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-devel' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-farstream-0_1' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-farstream-0_1-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils-unversioned' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils-unversioned-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-1_0-plugins-buzztrax' 'gstreamer-1_0-plugins-buzztrax-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-32bit' 'gstreamer-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-debugsource' 'gstreamer-devel' 'gstreamer-doc' 'gstreamer-editing-services' 'gstreamer-editing-services-devel' 'gstreamer-fluendo-mp3' 'gstreamer-lang' 'gstreamer-libnice' 'gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin' 'gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin-doc' 'gstreamer-plugin-gstclutter' 'gstreamer-plugin-gstclutter-3_0' 'gstreamer-plugin-python' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-lang' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-devel-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-lang' 'gstreamer-plugins-cogl' 'gstreamer-plugins-farstream' 'gstreamer-plugins-farstream-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-lang' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt5' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt5-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-lang' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-doc' 'gstreamer-transcoder' 'gstreamer-transcoder-devel' 'gstreamer-utils' 'gstreamer-utils-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-validate' 'gstreamer-validate-devel' 'gsynaptics' 'gsynaptics-lang' 'gtg' 'gtg-lang' 'gthumb' 'gthumb-devel' 'gthumb-lang' 'gtick' 'gtick-lang' 'gtk-chtheme' 'gtk-chtheme' 'gtk-chtheme-debuginfo' 'gtk-chtheme-debugsource' 'gtk-doc' 'gtk-doc-lang' 'gtk-gnutella' 'gtk-gnutella' 'gtk-gnutella-debuginfo' 'gtk-gnutella-debugsource' 'gtk-key-theme-ctrluftw' 'gtk-recordMyDesktop' 'gtk-recordMyDesktop-lang' 'gtk-sharp-beans' 'gtk-sharp-beans-devel' 'gtk-sharp2' 'gtk-sharp2-complete' 'gtk-sharp2-doc' 'gtk-sharp2-gapi' 'gtk-sharp3' 'gtk-sharp3-complete' 'gtk-sharp3-devel' 'gtk-sharp3-doc' 'gtk-sharp3-gapi' 'gtk-sharp3-gapi-devel' 'gtk-vector-screenshot' 'gtk-vector-screenshot' 'gtk-vector-screenshot-debuginfo' 'gtk-vector-screenshot-debugsource' 'gtk-vnc-devel' 'gtk-vnc-lang' 'gtk-vnc-tools' 'gtk-vnc2-devel' 'gtk-xfce-engine' 'gtk-xfce-engine-32bit' 'gtk2-branding-openSUSE' 'gtk2-branding-upstream' 'gtk2-data' 'gtk2-devel' 'gtk2-devel-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-aurora' 'gtk2-engine-cleanice' 'gtk2-engine-cleanice-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-clearlooks' 'gtk2-engine-clearlooks-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-crux' 'gtk2-engine-crux-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-equinox' 'gtk2-engine-glide' 'gtk2-engine-glide-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-hcengine' 'gtk2-engine-industrial' 'gtk2-engine-industrial-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-mist' 'gtk2-engine-mist-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-murrine' 'gtk2-engine-murrine-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-nimbus' 'gtk2-engine-nimbus-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-oxygen' 'gtk2-engine-oxygen-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-redmond95' 'gtk2-engine-redmond95-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-thinice' 'gtk2-engine-thinice-32bit' 'gtk2-engines' 'gtk2-engines-devel' 'gtk2-immodule-amharic' 'gtk2-immodule-amharic-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-inuktitut' 'gtk2-immodule-inuktitut-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-multipress' 'gtk2-immodule-multipress-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-thai' 'gtk2-immodule-thai-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-vietnamese' 'gtk2-immodule-vietnamese-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-xim' 'gtk2-immodule-xim-32bit' 'gtk2-immodules-tigrigna' 'gtk2-immodules-tigrigna-32bit' 'gtk2-lang' 'gtk2-metatheme-adwaita' 'gtk2-metatheme-ambiance' 'gtk2-metatheme-ambiant-mate' 'gtk2-metatheme-arc' 'gtk2-metatheme-bluebird' 'gtk2-metatheme-breeze' 'gtk2-metatheme-elementary' 'gtk2-metatheme-equinox' 'gtk2-metatheme-gilouche' 'gtk2-metatheme-greybird' 'gtk2-metatheme-industrial' 'gtk2-metatheme-nimbus' 'gtk2-metatheme-numix' 'gtk2-metatheme-paper' 'gtk2-metatheme-radiance' 'gtk2-metatheme-radiant-mate' 'gtk2-metatheme-sonar' 'gtk2-metatheme-vertex' 'gtk2-metatheme-yuyo' 'gtk2-theme-clearlooks' 'gtk2-theme-crux' 'gtk2-theme-industrial' 'gtk2-theme-mist' 'gtk2-theme-oxygen' 'gtk2-theme-redmond95' 'gtk2-theme-thinice' 'gtk2-themes' 'gtk2-theming-engine-adwaita' 'gtk2-theming-engine-adwaita-32bit' 'gtk2-tools' 'gtk2-tools-32bit' 'gtk2hs-buildtools' 'gtk3' 'gtk3-branding-openSUSE' 'gtk3-branding-upstream' 'gtk3-data' 'gtk3-devel' 'gtk3-devel-32bit' 'gtk3-engine-unico' 'gtk3-immodule-amharic' 'gtk3-immodule-amharic-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-broadway' 'gtk3-immodule-inuktitut' 'gtk3-immodule-inuktitut-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-multipress' 'gtk3-immodule-multipress-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-thai' 'gtk3-immodule-thai-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-vietnamese' 'gtk3-immodule-vietnamese-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-xim' 'gtk3-immodule-xim-32bit' 'gtk3-immodules-tigrigna' 'gtk3-immodules-tigrigna-32bit' 'gtk3-lang' 'gtk3-metatheme-adwaita' 'gtk3-metatheme-ambiance' 'gtk3-metatheme-ambiant-mate' 'gtk3-metatheme-arc' 'gtk3-metatheme-bluebird' 'gtk3-metatheme-breeze' 'gtk3-metatheme-elementary' 'gtk3-metatheme-greybird' 'gtk3-metatheme-numix' 'gtk3-metatheme-paper' 'gtk3-metatheme-radiance' 'gtk3-metatheme-radiant-mate' 'gtk3-metatheme-vertex' 'gtk3-metatheme-yuyo' 'gtk3-tools' 'gtk3-tools-32bit' 'gtkam' 'gtkam-doc' 'gtkam-lang' 'gtkglext-devel' 'gtkglext-doc' 'gtkhtml-4_0-lang' 'gtkhtml-devel' 'gtkimageview-devel' 'gtkiterm' 'gtkmm2-devel' 'gtkmm2-tutorial' 'gtkmm2-tutorial-lang' 'gtkmm3-devel' 'gtkmm3-doc' 'gtkmm3-tutorial' 'gtkmm3-tutorial-lang' 'gtkparasite' 'gtkpod' 'gtkpod-devel' 'gtkpod-lang' 'gtksourceview-devel' 'gtksourceview-lang' 'gtksourceview18' 'gtksourceview18-devel' 'gtksourceview18-doc' 'gtksourceview2-devel' 'gtksourceview2-lang' 'gtksourceview2-sharp' 'gtksourceviewmm-devel' 'gtkspell-devel' 'gtkspell-doc' 'gtkspell-lang' 'gtkspell3-devel' 'gtkspell3-lang' 'gtkwave' 'gtkwave-doc' 'gtkwave-examples' 'gtranslator' 'gtranslator-devel' 'gtranslator-lang' 'gts' 'gts-devel' 'gtypist' 'gtypist-lang' 'guake' 'guake-lang' 'guayadeque' 'guayadeque' 'guayadeque-debuginfo' 'guayadeque-debugsource' 'gucharmap' 'gucharmap-devel' 'gucharmap-lang' 'gudev-sharp' 'gudev-sharp-devel' 'guestfs-data' 'guestfs-tools' 'guestfsd' 'gufw' 'gufw-lang' 'guile' 'guile-devel' 'guile-json' 'guile-modules-2_0' 'guile1' 'guilt' 'guimup' 'guimup' 'guimup-debuginfo' 'guimup-debugsource' 'guitarix' 'gummi' 'gummi-lang' 'gup' 'gupnp-av' 'gupnp-dlna-tools' 'gupnp-tools' 'gupnp-tools-lang' 'gurlchecker' 'gurlchecker-doc' 'gurlchecker-lang' 'gutenprint' 'gutenprint-devel' 'gutenprint-gimpplugin' 'guvcview' 'guvcview' 'guvcview-debuginfo' 'guvcview-debugsource' 'guvcview-devel' 'guvcview-lang' 'gv' 'gvfs' 'gvfs-32bit' 'gvfs-backend-afc' 'gvfs-backend-samba' 'gvfs-backends' 'gvfs-devel' 'gvfs-fuse' 'gvfs-lang' 'gvim' 'gwenhywfar' 'gwenhywfar-devel' 'gwenhywfar-lang' 'gwenhywfar-tools' 'gwenview5' 'gwenview5-lang' 'gwget' 'gwget-lang' 'gxditview' 'gxine' 'gxine' 'gxine-browser-plugin' 'gxine-browser-plugin-debuginfo' 'gxine-debuginfo' 'gxine-debugsource' 'gxine-lang' 'gyachi' 'gyachi' 'gyachi-debuginfo' 'gyachi-debugsource' 'gyachi-plugin-alsa' 'gyachi-plugin-alsa-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-blowfish' 'gyachi-plugin-blowfish-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-gpgme' 'gyachi-plugin-gpgme-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-gtkspell' 'gyachi-plugin-gtkspell-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-libnotify' 'gyachi-plugin-libnotify-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-mcrypt' 'gyachi-plugin-mcrypt-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-pulseaudio' 'gyachi-plugin-pulseaudio-debuginfo' 'gyp' 'gypsy' 'gzdoom' 'gzdoom' 'gzip' 'gzip' 'gzrt' 'h264enc' 'h264enc' 'h2i' 'h323plus-devel' 'ha-cluster-bootstrap' 'hack-fonts' 'hackbench' 'hamcrest' 'hamcrest-demo' 'hamcrest-javadoc' 'hamster-time-tracker' 'hamster-time-tracker-lang' 'handbrake' 'handbrake-cli' 'handbrake-cli-debuginfo' 'handbrake-debugsource' 'handbrake-gtk' 'handbrake-gtk-debuginfo' 'handbrake-gtk-lang' 'handedict' 'happy' 'haproxy' 'hardinfo' 'hardlink' 'harfbuzz-devel' 'harfbuzz-tools' 'harminv' 'harminv-devel' 'hartke-aurulentsans-fonts' 'haserl' 'hashalot' 'hashcat' 'hashdeep' 'haskell_platform' 'haveged' 'haveged-devel' 'hawk2' 'hawk2' 'haxe' 'hbci4java' 'hbci4java-javadoc' 'hcode' 'hda-verb' 'hdajackretask' 'hdajacksensetest' 'hddtemp' 'hddtemp' 'hddtemp-debuginfo' 'hddtemp-debugsource' 'hdevtools' 'hdf' 'hdf-devel' 'hdf-devel-data' 'hdf-devel-static' 'hdf-openmpi' 'hdf-openmpi-devel' 'hdf-openmpi-devel-static' 'hdf5' 'hdf5-devel' 'hdf5-devel-32bit' 'hdf5-devel-data' 'hdf5-devel-static' 'hdf5-examples' 'hdf5-openmpi' 'hdf5-openmpi-devel' 'hdf5-openmpi-devel-32bit' 'hdf5-openmpi-devel-static' 'hdhomerun-config' 'hdhomerun-config-debuginfo' 'hdhomerun_config' 'hdhomerun_config_gui' 'hdjmod' 'hdjmod-kmp-default' 'hdparm' 'hdspconf' 'hdsploader' 'hdspmixer' 'headmore' 'health-check' 'heaptrack' 'heaptrack-devel' 'heaptrack-gui' 'heaptrack-lang' 'heldenviewer' 'heldenviewer' 'heldenviewer-debuginfo' 'hello' 'help2man' 'hercules' 'herqq-devel' 'hex' 'hex2bin' 'hexchat' 'hexchat-devel' 'hexchat-lang' 'hexchat-plugins-perl' 'hexchat-plugins-python3' 'hexen2' 'hexen2' 'hexen2-debuginfo' 'hexen2-debugsource' 'hexenworld' 'hexenworld-debuginfo' 'hexter' 'hfsutils' 'hg-fast-export' 'hg-git' 'hgview' 'hgview-qt4' 'hiawatha' 'hicolor-icon-theme' 'hicolor-icon-theme-branding-openSUSE' 'highlight' 'highlight-gui' 'highlighting-kate' 'himeno' 'hiredis' 'hiredis-devel' 'hitori' 'hitori-lang' 'hivex' 'hivex-devel' 'hivex-lang' 'hlint' 'hmaccalc' 'hmconv' 'hollywood' 'hollywood-data' 'homebank' 'homebank-lang' 'homerhevc' 'homerhevc' 'homerhevc-debuginfo' 'homeshick' 'honggfuzz' 'hostap-utils' 'hostapd' 'hostapd' 'hostinfo' 'hostname' 'howl' 'hp-drive-guard' 'hp2xx' 'hpack' 'hping' 'hping-doc' 'hplip' 'hplip-devel' 'hplip-hpijs' 'hplip-sane' 'hscolour' 'hspec-discover' 'hsqldb' 'hsqldb-demo' 'hsqldb-javadoc' 'hsqldb-manual' 'ht' 'ht2html' 'htdig' 'htdig-devel' 'htdig-doc' 'hte' 'html-dtd' 'html2ps' 'html2text' 'htmldoc' 'htop' 'http-parser-devel' 'httperf' 'httrack' 'httrack-devel' 'hugin' 'humanity-icon-theme' 'hunspell' 'hunspell-32bit' 'hunspell-devel' 'hunspell-devel-32bit' 'hunspell-static' 'hunspell-tools' 'hwdata' 'hwdata' 'hwinfo' 'hwinfo' 'hwinfo-devel' 'hwloc' 'hwloc-data' 'hwloc-devel' 'hwloc-doc' 'hwloc-lstopo' 'hwmixvolume' 'hwsd' 'hwsd' 'hwsd-debuginfo' 'hwsd-debugsource' 'hwsd-devel' 'hwsd-doc' 'hxtools' 'hxtools-data' 'hxtools-man' 'hxtools-profile' 'hxtools-scripts' 'hydrogen' 'hyena' 'hylafax+' 'hylafax+' 'hylafax+-client' 'hyper-v' 'hyper-v' 'hyphen' 'hyphen-devel' 'i18nspector' 'i2c-tools' 'i3' 'i3-devel' 'i3lock' 'i3lock-xlock-compat' 'i3status' 'i4l-base' 'i4l-isdnlog' 'i4l-vbox' 'i4lfirm' 'iagno' 'iagno-lang' 'ibacm' 'ibm-data-db2' 'ibmrtpkgs' 'ibmswtpm2' 'ibmtss' 'ibmtss-base' 'ibmtss-devel' 'ibsim' 'ibus' 'ibus-anthy' 'ibus-anthy-devel' 'ibus-branding-openSUSE-KDE' 'ibus-chewing' 'ibus-devel' 'ibus-googlepinyin' 'ibus-gtk' 'ibus-gtk-32bit' 'ibus-gtk3' 'ibus-gtk3-32bit' 'ibus-hangul' 'ibus-input-pad' 'ibus-kkc' 'ibus-lang' 'ibus-libpinyin' 'ibus-libzhuyin' 'ibus-m17n' 'ibus-mozc' 'ibus-mozc-candidate-window' 'ibus-pinyin' 'ibus-qt' 'ibus-qt-32bit' 'ibus-qt-devel' 'ibus-rime' 'ibus-skk' 'ibus-sunpinyin' 'ibus-table' 'ibus-table-chinese-array' 'ibus-table-chinese-cangjie' 'ibus-table-chinese-cantonese' 'ibus-table-chinese-easy' 'ibus-table-chinese-erbi' 'ibus-table-chinese-jyutping' 'ibus-table-chinese-quick' 'ibus-table-chinese-scj' 'ibus-table-chinese-stroke5' 'ibus-table-chinese-wu' 'ibus-table-chinese-wubi-haifeng' 'ibus-table-chinese-wubi-jidian' 'ibus-table-chinese-yong' 'ibus-table-cns11643' 'ibus-table-compose' 'ibus-table-devel' 'ibus-table-emoji' 'ibus-table-extraphrase' 'ibus-table-extraphrase-devel' 'ibus-table-ipa-x-sampa' 'ibus-table-latex' 'ibus-table-mathwriter' 'ibus-table-others' 'ibus-table-rusle' 'ibus-table-rustrad' 'ibus-table-thai' 'ibus-table-translit' 'ibus-table-translit-ua' 'ibus-table-viqr' 'ibus-table-yawerty' 'ibus-table-zhengma' 'ibus-table-zhuyin' 'ibus-table-ziranma' 'ibus-unikey' 'ibutils' 'ibutils-devel' 'ibutils-devel-static' 'ibvexdmtools' 'icc-examin' 'icc-mime-types' 'icc-profiles' 'icc-profiles-all' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-lstarrgb' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-coat2' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-doc' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-extra' 'icc-profiles-lcms-lab' 'icc-profiles-mini' 'icc-profiles-openicc-rgb' 'icc-profiles-oyranos-extra' 'icc-profiles-scp-argyll' 'icc-profiles-scp-fogra' 'icc-profiles-scp-oysonar' 'icc-profiles-scp-yamma' 'icc-targets-fogra' 'icc-targets-npes' 'iceWMCP' 'iceWMCP-addons' 'iceauth' 'icecast' 'icecast-doc' 'icecream' 'icecream-clang-wrappers' 'icecream-monitor' 'icedax' 'icedtea-web-javadoc' 'ices' 'icewm' 'icewm' 'icewm-config-upstream' 'icewm-default' 'icewm-lang' 'icewm-lite' 'icewm-theme-branding' 'icewm-themes' 'icinga' 'icinga-devel' 'icinga-doc' 'icinga-idoutils' 'icinga-idoutils-mysql' 'icinga-idoutils-oracle' 'icinga-idoutils-pgsql' 'icinga-plugins-downtimes' 'icinga-plugins-eventhandlers' 'icinga-www' 'icinga-www-config' 'icmake' 'icmpinfo' 'icns-utils' 'ico' 'icon-naming-utils' 'icoutils' 'icoutils' 'icu' 'icu' 'icu-data' 'icu4j' 'icu4j-javadoc' 'id3lib' 'id3lib-32bit' 'id3lib-devel' 'id3lib-examples' 'id3v2' 'idep' 'ido-devel' 'idutils' 'idutils-lang' 'idzebra' 'idzebra-devel' 'idzebra-doc' 'ifplugd' 'iftop' 'ifuse' 'igerman98-doc' 'ignuit' 'iio-sensor-proxy' 'iksemel' 'iksemel-devel' 'ikvm' 'ilbc-devel' 'ilmbase' 'ilmbase-debugsource' 'ilmbase-devel' 'ima-evm-utils-devel' 'imagej' 'imagewriter' 'imagination' 'imagination' 'imagination-debuginfo' 'imagination-debugsource' 'imagination-doc' 'imagination-lang' 'imaging' 'imake' 'imap' 'imap-devel' 'imapfilter' 'imgen' 'imgvtopgm' 'imhangul' 'imhangul-32bit' 'imlib2' 'imlib2-devel' 'imlib2-filters' 'imlib2-loaders' 'imobiledevice-tools' 'imwheel' 'imx-usb-loader' 'incidenceeditor' 'incidenceeditor-devel' 'incidenceeditor-lang' 'indent' 'indic-fonts' 'infiniband-diags' 'infiniband-diags-devel' 'infinipath-psm-devel' 'infinoted' 'info' 'info2html' 'info2html' 'info4' 'infos-creator-rpm' 'ini4j' 'ini4j-javadoc' 'initviocons' 'injeqt-devel' 'inkscape' 'inkscape-extensions-dia' 'inkscape-extensions-extra' 'inkscape-extensions-fig' 'inkscape-extensions-gimp' 'inkscape-extensions-skencil' 'inkscape-lang' 'inn' 'inn-devel' 'innoextract' 'innotop' 'inotify-tools' 'inotify-tools-devel' 'inotify-tools-doc' 'input-pad' 'input-pad-devel' 'input-pad-eek' 'input-pad-xtest' 'inputproto-devel' 'insserv-compat' 'inst-source-utils' 'install-initrd-openSUSE' 'installation-images-debuginfodeps-openSUSE' 'instsource-susedata' 'int10h-oldschoolpc-fonts' 'intel-SINIT' 'intel-cmt-cat' 'intel-gpu-tools' 'intelhex' 'interbench' 'intlfonts' 'intlfonts-arabic-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-asian-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-bdf-fonts' 'intlfonts-chinese-big-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-chinese-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-ethiopic-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-euro-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-japanese-big-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-japanese-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-phonetic-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-ttf-fonts' 'intlfonts-type1-fonts' 'intltool' 'invm-cim-devel' 'invm-cli-devel' 'invm-i18n-devel' 'inxi' 'iodbc' 'iodbc-admin' 'iodine' 'iometer' 'ioping' 'iops' 'iotop' 'iouyap' 'iozone' 'iozone-doc' 'ip6addr' 'ipa-ex-gothic-fonts' 'ipa-ex-mincho-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-bold-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-bolditalic-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-italic-fonts' 'ipa-mincho-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-bold-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-bolditalic-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-italic-fonts' 'ipa-pmincho-fonts' 'ipa-uigothic-fonts' 'ipadic' 'ipcalc' 'iperf' 'iperf-devel' 'ipmitool' 'ipmiutil' 'ipmiutil-devel' 'iproute2' 'iproute2' 'iproute2-doc' 'iproute2-doc' 'iproxy' 'ipsec-tools' 'ipsec-tools' 'ipset' 'ipset' 'ipset-devel' 'ipset-kmp-default' 'iptables' 'iptables' 'iptraf-ng' 'iputils' 'ipvsadm' 'ipw-firmware' 'ipxrip' 'irda' 'irqbalance' 'irqd' 'irrlicht-data' 'irrlicht-devel' 'irssi' 'irssi' 'irssi-devel' 'irssi-otr' 'isapnp' 'isapnp-devel' 'iscsiuio' 'isight-firmware-tools' 'isl-devel' 'isl-devel-32bit' 'iso-codes' 'iso-codes-devel' 'iso-codes-lang' 'iso-country-flags-png' 'iso_ent' 'isomaster' 'isomaster' 'isomaster-debuginfo' 'isomaster-lang' 'isorelax' 'isorelax-javadoc' 'ispell' 'ispell' 'ispell-american' 'ispell-brazilian' 'ispell-british' 'ispell-bulgarian' 'ispell-catalan' 'ispell-czech' 'ispell-danish' 'ispell-dutch' 'ispell-esperanto' 'ispell-estonian' 'ispell-finnish' 'ispell-french' 'ispell-german' 'ispell-greek' 'ispell-hungarian' 'ispell-italian' 'ispell-naustrian' 'ispell-ngerman' 'ispell-norsk' 'ispell-nswiss' 'ispell-polish' 'ispell-portuguese' 'ispell-russian' 'ispell-slovak' 'ispell-slovene' 'ispell-spanish' 'ispell-swedish' 'issue-generator' 'istgt' 'isync' 'itk' 'itk' 'itstool' 'iucode-tool' 'iverilog' 'iverilog-devel' 'ivtv' 'ivtv-firmware' 'ivykis-devel' 'iw' 'iwatch' 'iwidgets' 'iwpmd' 'iwscanner' 'ixpdimm-cli' 'ixpdimm-data' 'ixpdimm-devel' 'ixpdimm-monitor' 'jack' 'jack-32bit' 'jack-rack' 'jackEQ' 'jack_mixer' 'jack_mixer' 'jack_mixer-debuginfo' 'jack_mixer-debugsource' 'jackmixdesk' 'jackmixdesk' 'jackmixdesk-debuginfo' 'jackmixdesk-debugsource' 'jacktrip' 'jacktrip' 'jacktrip-debuginfo' 'jacktrip-debugsource' 'jaero' 'jag' 'jag-data' 'jag-level-editor' 'jakarta-commons-compress' 'jakarta-commons-compress-1_1' 'jakarta-commons-compress-1_1' 'jakarta-commons-compress-1_1-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-compress-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-dbcp' 'jakarta-commons-dbcp-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-dbcp-src' 'jakarta-commons-digester' 'jakarta-commons-digester-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-discovery' 'jakarta-commons-discovery-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-fileupload' 'jakarta-commons-fileupload-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-launcher' 'jakarta-commons-launcher-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-modeler' 'jakarta-commons-modeler-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-net' 'jakarta-commons-net-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-transaction' 'jakarta-commons-transaction-javadoc' 'jakarta-poi' 'jakarta-poi-javadoc' 'jakarta-poi-manual' 'jakarta-slide-webdavclient' 'jakarta-slide-webdavclient-javadoc' 'jakarta-slide-webdavclient-repolib' 'jakarta-taglibs-standard' 'jakarta-taglibs-standard-javadoc' 'jamulus' 'jamulus' 'jamulus-debuginfo' 'jasper' 'jasper' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat-32bit' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat-devel' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-accessibility' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap-devel' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap-headless' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-demo' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-devel' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-headless' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-javadoc' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-plugin' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-src' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-accessibility' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-demo' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-devel' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-headless' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-javadoc' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-plugin' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-src' 'java-atk-wrapper' 'java-binfmt-misc' 'java-binfmt-misc' 'java-cup' 'java-cup-manual' 'java-libkolabxml1' 'java-mraa' 'javacc' 'javacc-demo' 'javacc-manual' 'javacc3' 'javacc3-demo' 'javacc3-manual' 'javacc3-repolib' 'javahelp2' 'javahelp2-javadoc' 'javahelp2-manual' 'javapackages-tools' 'javapackages-tools' 'javassist' 'javassist-demo' 'javassist-javadoc' 'javassist-manual' 'javazic' 'jaxen' 'jaxen-bootstrap' 'jaxodraw' 'jaxodraw-javadoc' 'jaxodraw-latex' 'jbig2dec' 'jbig2dec-devel' 'jbig2dec-devel-32bit' 'jbigkit' 'jcifs' 'jcifs-demo' 'jcifs-javadoc' 'jcip-annotations' 'jcodings' 'jcommon' 'jcommon-javadoc' 'jcommon-test' 'jdepend' 'jdepend-demo' 'jdepend-javadoc' 'jdom' 'jedit' 'jedit-javadoc' 'jemalloc' 'jemalloc-devel' 'jemalloc-devel-static' 'jemmy' 'jemmy-javadoc' 'jeos-firstboot' 'jeuclid' 'jeuclid-cli' 'jeuclid-fop' 'jeuclid-mathviewer' 'jfbterm' 'jflex' 'jflex-bootstrap' 'jflex-doc' 'jformatstring' 'jformatstring-javadoc' 'jfsutils' 'jgoodies-forms' 'jgoodies-forms-demo' 'jgoodies-forms-javadoc' 'jgoodies-forms-manual' 'jgoodies-looks' 'jgoodies-looks-demo' 'jgoodies-looks-javadoc' 'jgoodies-looks-manual' 'jgraphx' 'jgraphx' 'jgroups' 'jgroups-javadoc' 'jgroups-manual' 'jgroups-repolib' 'jhbuild' 'jhbuild-lang' 'jhbuild-recommended-deps' 'jhead' 'jhead' 'jigdo' 'jigit' 'jikes' 'jimtcl' 'jimtcl-devel' 'jing' 'jisp2' 'jisp2-demo' 'jisp2-javadoc' 'jlatexmath' 'jlatexmath-fop' 'jlatexmath-javadoc' 'jlex' 'jlfgr' 'jline' 'jmess' 'jmess' 'jmess-debuginfo' 'jmess-debugsource' 'jmock' 'jmock-demo' 'jmock-javadoc' 'jna' 'jna-javadoc' 'joda-time' 'joda-time-javadoc' 'joe' 'jogl2' 'john' 'john-wordlists' 'jomolhari-fonts' 'jondo' 'jondofox' 'jovie' 'jq' 'jrosetta' 'js' 'js' 'js-debuginfo' 'js-debugsource' 'js-devel' 'jsch' 'jsch-demo' 'jsch-javadoc' 'jsmn-devel' 'json-glib-devel' 'json-glib-lang' 'jsoncpp' 'jsoncpp-debugsource' 'jsoncpp-devel' 'jsr-305' 'jsr-305-javadoc' 'jtidy' 'jtidy-scripts' 'judy-devel' 'judy-doc' 'juk' 'julia' 'julia-compat' 'julia-compat-devel' 'julia-devel' 'julia-doc' 'julia-examples' 'jumpnbump' 'junit' 'junit-demo' 'junit-javadoc' 'junit-manual' 'junitperf' 'junitperf-demo' 'junitperf-javadoc' 'jvyamlb' 'jxrlib' 'jxrlib-devel' 'jython' 'jython-demo' 'jython-javadoc' 'jython-manual' 'jzlib' 'jzlib-demo' 'jzlib-javadoc' 'k3b' 'k3b' 'k3b-debuginfo' 'k3b-debugsource' 'k3b-devel' 'k3b-lang' 'k4dirstat' 'k4dirstat-lang' 'k9copy' 'k9copy' 'k9copy-debuginfo' 'k9copy-debugsource' 'k9copy-lang' 'kaccessible' 'kaccounts-integration' 'kaccounts-integration-32bit' 'kaccounts-integration-devel' 'kaccounts-integration-lang' 'kaccounts-providers' 'kaccounts-providers-lang' 'kactivities-stats-devel' 'kactivities-stats-devel-32bit' 'kactivities5-devel' 'kactivities5-devel-32bit' 'kactivities5-imports' 'kactivities5-tools' 'kactivitymanagerd' 'kactivitymanagerd-lang' 'kaddressbook' 'kaddressbook-lang' 'kadu' 'kadu-anonymous_check' 'kadu-completion' 'kadu-devel' 'kadu-import_history' 'kadu-mimetex' 'kadu-sound-bns' 'kadu-sound-drums' 'kadu-sound-florkus' 'kadu-sound-michalsrodek' 'kadu-sound-percussion' 'kadu-sound-ultr' 'kaffeine' 'kajongg' 'kakasi' 'kakasi-devel' 'kakasi-dict' 'kakoune' 'kalarm' 'kalarm-lang' 'kalarmcal' 'kalarmcal-devel' 'kalarmcal-lang' 'kalgebra' 'kalgebra-lang' 'kalzium' 'kalzium-devel' 'kalzium-lang' 'kamera-lang' 'kanagram' 'kanagram-lang' 'kanjipad' 'kapidox' 'kapman' 'kapman-lang' 'kapptemplate' 'kapptemplate-lang' 'karchive-devel' 'karchive-devel-32bit' 'kasumi' 'kate' 'kate-lang' 'kate-plugins' 'kate4-parts' 'katomic' 'katomic-lang' 'kauth-devel' 'kauth-devel-32bit' 'kbd' 'kbd-legacy' 'kbdsniffd' 'kblackbox' 'kblackbox-lang' 'kblocks' 'kblocks-lang' 'kblog-devel' 'kblog-lang' 'kbookmarks-devel' 'kbookmarks-devel-32bit' 'kbounce' 'kbounce-lang' 'kbproto-devel' 'kbreakout' 'kbreakout-lang' 'kbruch' 'kbruch-lang' 'kbuild' 'kcachegrind' 'kcachegrind-lang' 'kcalc' 'kcalc-lang' 'kcalcore-devel' 'kcalutils' 'kcalutils-devel' 'kcalutils-lang' 'kcharselect' 'kcharselect-lang' 'kchmviewer' 'kcm_sddm' 'kcm_sddm-lang' 'kcmutils-devel' 'kcmutils-devel-32bit' 'kcodecs-devel' 'kcodecs-devel-32bit' 'kcolorchooser' 'kcolorchooser-lang' 'kcompletion-devel' 'kcompletion-devel-32bit' 'kconf_update5' 'kconfig-devel' 'kconfig-devel-32bit' 'kconfigwidgets-devel' 'kconfigwidgets-devel-32bit' 'kcontacts-devel' 'kcontacts-devel-32bit' 'kcontacts-lang' 'kcoreaddons' 'kcoreaddons' 'kcoreaddons-devel' 'kcoreaddons-devel-32bit' 'kcoreaddons-lang' 'kcrash-devel' 'kcrash-devel-32bit' 'kcron' 'kcron-lang' 'kdav' 'kdav-devel' 'kdb-devel' 'kdb-lang' 'kdb-mysql-driver' 'kdb-postgresql-driver' 'kdb-sqlite3-driver' 'kdbg' 'kdbg-doc' 'kdbg-lang' 'kdbusaddons-devel' 'kdbusaddons-devel-32bit' 'kdbusaddons-tools' 'kde' 'kde-cli-tools5' 'kde-cli-tools5-lang' 'kde-gtk-config5' 'kde-gtk-config5-lang' 'kde-l10n-ar' 'kde-l10n-ast' 'kde-l10n-bg' 'kde-l10n-bs' 'kde-l10n-ca' 'kde-l10n-caValencia' 'kde-l10n-cs' 'kde-l10n-da' 'kde-l10n-da-data' 'kde-l10n-da-doc' 'kde-l10n-de' 'kde-l10n-de-data' 'kde-l10n-de-doc' 'kde-l10n-devel' 'kde-l10n-el' 'kde-l10n-en_GB' 'kde-l10n-en_GB-data' 'kde-l10n-en_GB-doc' 'kde-l10n-eo' 'kde-l10n-es' 'kde-l10n-es-data' 'kde-l10n-es-doc' 'kde-l10n-et' 'kde-l10n-et-data' 'kde-l10n-et-doc' 'kde-l10n-eu' 'kde-l10n-fa' 'kde-l10n-fi' 'kde-l10n-fr' 'kde-l10n-fr-data' 'kde-l10n-fr-doc' 'kde-l10n-ga' 'kde-l10n-gl' 'kde-l10n-he' 'kde-l10n-hi' 'kde-l10n-hr' 'kde-l10n-hu' 'kde-l10n-ia' 'kde-l10n-id' 'kde-l10n-is' 'kde-l10n-it' 'kde-l10n-it-data' 'kde-l10n-it-doc' 'kde-l10n-ja' 'kde-l10n-kk' 'kde-l10n-km' 'kde-l10n-ko' 'kde-l10n-lt' 'kde-l10n-lv' 'kde-l10n-mr' 'kde-l10n-nb' 'kde-l10n-nds' 'kde-l10n-nl' 'kde-l10n-nl-data' 'kde-l10n-nl-doc' 'kde-l10n-nn' 'kde-l10n-pa' 'kde-l10n-pl' 'kde-l10n-pl-data' 'kde-l10n-pl-doc' 'kde-l10n-pt' 'kde-l10n-pt_BR' 'kde-l10n-pt_BR-data' 'kde-l10n-pt_BR-doc' 'kde-l10n-ro' 'kde-l10n-ru' 'kde-l10n-ru-data' 'kde-l10n-ru-doc' 'kde-l10n-sk' 'kde-l10n-sl' 'kde-l10n-sr' 'kde-l10n-sv' 'kde-l10n-sv-data' 'kde-l10n-sv-doc' 'kde-l10n-tr' 'kde-l10n-ug' 'kde-l10n-uk' 'kde-l10n-uk-data' 'kde-l10n-uk-doc' 'kde-l10n-wa' 'kde-l10n-zh_CN' 'kde-l10n-zh_TW' 'kde-odf-thumbnail' 'kde-oxygen-fonts' 'kde-print-manager' 'kde-print-manager-lang' 'kde-user-manager' 'kde-user-manager-lang' 'kde4-filesystem' 'kde4-kgreeter-plugins' 'kde4-mediainfo' 'kde4-pacpl-plugins' 'kde_plasma' 'kdebase4-runtime' 'kdebase4-runtime-devel' 'kdebase4-workspace' 'kdebase4-workspace-addons' 'kdebase4-workspace-devel' 'kdebase4-workspace-ksysguardd' 'kdebase4-workspace-liboxygenstyle' 'kdebase4-workspace-liboxygenstyle-32bit' 'kdebase4-workspace-libs' 'kdebase4-workspace-libs-32bit' 'kdebindings-smokegen' 'kdebugsettings' 'kdebugsettings-lang' 'kdeclarative-components' 'kdeclarative-components-32bit' 'kdeclarative-devel' 'kdeclarative-devel-32bit' 'kdeclarative-tools' 'kdeconnect-kde' 'kdeconnect-kde-lang' 'kded' 'kded-devel' 'kded-lang' 'kdedesktopcheck' 'kdeedu-data' 'kdegames-carddecks-default' 'kdegames-carddecks-other' 'kdegames4-carddecks-default' 'kdegames4-carddecks-other' 'kdegraphics-thumbnailers' 'kdelibs4' 'kdelibs4-apidocs' 'kdelibs4-branding-openSUSE' 'kdelibs4-branding-upstream' 'kdelibs4-core' 'kdelibs4-doc' 'kdelibs4support' 'kdelibs4support-32bit' 'kdelibs4support-devel' 'kdelibs4support-devel-32bit' 'kdelibs4support-lang' 'kdenetwork4-filesharing' 'kdenetwork4-filesharing-lang' 'kdenlive' 'kdenlive' 'kdenlive-debuginfo' 'kdenlive-debugsource' 'kdenlive-lang' 'kdepim-addons' 'kdepim-addons' 'kdepim-addons-lang' 'kdepim-apps-libs' 'kdepim-apps-libs-devel' 'kdepim-apps-libs-lang' 'kdepim-runtime' 'kdepim-runtime-lang' 'kdepimlibs4' 'kdesdk-thumbnailers' 'kdesdk-thumbnailers-lang' 'kdesdk4-scripts' 'kdesdk4-scripts-kf5-porting' 'kdesignerplugin' 'kdesignerplugin-devel' 'kdesignerplugin-lang' 'kdesu-devel' 'kdesu-devel-32bit' 'kdesvn' 'kdesvn' 'kdevelop4' 'kdevelop4-devel' 'kdevelop4-doc' 'kdevelop4-lang' 'kdevelop4-pg-qt' 'kdevelop4-plugin-cppsupport' 'kdevelop4-plugins-php' 'kdevelop4-plugins-php-doc' 'kdevelop5' 'kdevelop5-lang' 'kdevelop5-pg-qt' 'kdevelop5-plugin-php' 'kdevelop5-plugin-php-lang' 'kdevelop5-plugin-python3' 'kdevelop5-plugin-python3-lang' 'kdevplatform' 'kdevplatform-devel' 'kdevplatform-lang' 'kdevplatform4' 'kdevplatform4-lang' 'kdewebkit-devel' 'kdewebkit-devel-32bit' 'kdf' 'kdf-lang' 'kdgantt2' 'kdgantt2-devel' 'kdiagram-devel' 'kdialog' 'kdialog-lang' 'kdiamond' 'kdiamond-lang' 'kdiff3' 'kdiff3-lang' 'kdm' 'kdm-branding-openSUSE' 'kdm-branding-upstream' 'kdnssd' 'kdnssd-framework-devel' 'kdnssd-framework-devel-32bit' 'kdoctools' 'kdoctools-devel' 'kdoctools-devel-32bit' 'kdoctools-lang' 'kdstatemachineeditor' 'kdstatemachineeditor-devel' 'kdump' 'kdumpid' 'kdvdcreator' 'kdvdcreator' 'kdvdcreator-debuginfo' 'kdvdcreator-debugsource' 'keditbookmarks' 'keditbookmarks-lang' 'keepalived' 'keepass' 'keepassx' 'keepassxc' 'keepassxc' 'keepassxc-lang' 'kelbt' 'kemoticons-devel' 'kemoticons-devel-32bit' 'kepas' 'kernel-coverage' 'kernel-debug' 'kernel-debug' 'kernel-debug-base' 'kernel-debug-devel' 'kernel-default' 'kernel-default' 'kernel-default-base' 'kernel-default-devel' 'kernel-devel' 'kernel-docs' 'kernel-docs' 'kernel-docs-html' 'kernel-docs-pdf' 'kernel-firmware' 'kernel-firmware' 'kernel-macros' 'kernel-obs-build' 'kernel-obs-build' 'kernel-obs-qa' 'kernel-obs-qa' 'kernel-source' 'kernel-source' 'kernel-source-vanilla' 'kernel-syms' 'kernel-syms' 'kernel-vanilla' 'kernel-vanilla' 'kernel-vanilla-base' 'kernel-vanilla-devel' 'kernelshark' 'ketchup' 'kexec-tools' 'kexec-tools' 'kexi' 'kexi-lang' 'kexis' 'kexis' 'kexis-debuginfo' 'kexis-debugsource' 'keybinder-devel' 'keybinder-lua' 'keybinder3-devel' 'keychain' 'keychain' 'keyutils' 'keyutils-devel' 'kf5-filesystem' 'kf5-kcm-fcitx' 'kf5-kcm-fcitx-icons' 'kf5-mediainfo' 'kffmpegthumbnailer' 'kffmpegthumbnailer' 'kffmpegthumbnailer-debuginfo' 'kffmpegthumbnailer-debugsource' 'kfilemetadata' 'kfilemetadata-devel' 'kfilemetadata5' 'kfilemetadata5-32bit' 'kfilemetadata5-devel' 'kfilemetadata5-lang' 'kfilereplace' 'kfind' 'kfind-lang' 'kfloppy' 'kfloppy-lang' 'kfourinline' 'kfourinline-lang' 'kgamma5' 'kgamma5-lang' 'kgeography' 'kgeography-lang' 'kget' 'kglobalaccel-devel' 'kglobalaccel-devel-32bit' 'kglobalaccel5' 'kgoldrunner' 'kgpg' 'kgpg-lang' 'kguiaddons-devel' 'kguiaddons-devel-32bit' 'khangman' 'khangman-lang' 'khelpcenter5' 'khelpcenter5-lang' 'khmeros-fonts' 'kholidays' 'kholidays-devel' 'kholidays-lang' 'khotkeys5' 'khotkeys5-devel' 'khotkeys5-lang' 'khtml-devel' 'khtml-devel-32bit' 'ki18n-devel' 'ki18n-devel-32bit' 'kicad' 'kicad-doc' 'kicad-doc-ca' 'kicad-doc-de' 'kicad-doc-en' 'kicad-doc-es' 'kicad-doc-fr' 'kicad-doc-id' 'kicad-doc-it' 'kicad-doc-ja' 'kicad-doc-nl' 'kicad-doc-pl' 'kicad-doc-ru' 'kicad-footprints' 'kicad-lang-bg' 'kicad-lang-ca' 'kicad-lang-cs' 'kicad-lang-de' 'kicad-lang-el' 'kicad-lang-es' 'kicad-lang-fi' 'kicad-lang-fr' 'kicad-lang-hu' 'kicad-lang-id' 'kicad-lang-it' 'kicad-lang-ja' 'kicad-lang-ko' 'kicad-lang-lt' 'kicad-lang-nl' 'kicad-lang-pl' 'kicad-lang-pt' 'kicad-lang-ru' 'kicad-lang-sk' 'kicad-lang-sl' 'kicad-lang-sv' 'kicad-lang-zh_CN' 'kicad-library' 'kicad-library-install' 'kiconthemes-devel' 'kiconthemes-devel-32bit' 'kid3' 'kid3' 'kid3-cli' 'kid3-cli-debuginfo' 'kid3-core' 'kid3-core-debuginfo' 'kid3-core-lang' 'kid3-debuginfo' 'kid3-debugsource' 'kid3-doc' 'kid3-qt' 'kid3-qt-debuginfo' 'kid3-qt-doc' 'kidentitymanagement-devel' 'kidentitymanagement-lang' 'kidletime-devel' 'kidletime-devel-32bit' 'kig' 'kig-lang' 'kigo' 'kile' 'kile-lang' 'killbots' 'killbots-lang' 'killerd' 'killswitch-applet' 'kim' 'kim' 'kimageformats' 'kimageformats-32bit' 'kimagemapeditor' 'kimap-devel' 'kimap-lang' 'kinfocenter5' 'kinfocenter5-lang' 'kinit' 'kinit-32bit' 'kinit-devel' 'kinit-lang' 'kino' 'kino' 'kino-debuginfo' 'kino-debugsource' 'kino-devel' 'kinput2' 'kio' 'kio' 'kio-32bit' 'kio-core' 'kio-core-32bit' 'kio-devel' 'kio-devel-32bit' 'kio-extras5' 'kio-extras5-lang' 'kio-gdrive' 'kio-gdrive-lang' 'kio-lang' 'kio_audiocd' 'kio_audiocd-devel' 'kio_audiocd-lang' 'kio_audiocd4' 'kio_audiocd4-devel' 'kio_iso' 'kio_kamera' 'kio_mtp' 'kipi-plugins' 'kipi-plugins-lang' 'kirigami' 'kirigami-devel' 'kirigami-lang' 'kiriki' 'kiriki-lang' 'kismet' 'kitemmodels-devel' 'kitemmodels-devel-32bit' 'kitemviews-devel' 'kitemviews-devel-32bit' 'kiten' 'kiten-devel' 'kiten-lang' 'kiwi' 'kiwi-boot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-isoboot' 'kiwi-desc-isoboot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-netboot' 'kiwi-desc-netboot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-oemboot' 'kiwi-desc-oemboot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-vmxboot' 'kiwi-desc-vmxboot-requires' 'kiwi-doc' 'kiwi-instsource' 'kiwi-instsource-plugins-openSUSE-13-2' 'kiwi-man-pages' 'kiwi-media-requires' 'kiwi-pxeboot' 'kiwi-requires' 'kiwi-templates' 'kiwi-test' 'kiwi-tools' 'kjobwidgets-devel' 'kjobwidgets-devel-32bit' 'kjots' 'kjots-lang' 'kjs-devel' 'kjs-devel-32bit' 'kjs-devel-lang' 'kjsembed-devel' 'kjsembed-devel-32bit' 'kjumpingcube' 'kjumpingcube-lang' 'kkc-data' 'klatexformula' 'klatexformula-apidoc' 'klatexformula-devel' 'klatexformula-ktexteditor-plugin' 'klavaro' 'kldap' 'kldap-devel' 'kldap-lang' 'kleopatra' 'kleopatra-lang' 'klettres' 'klettres-lang' 'klick' 'klick' 'klick-debuginfo' 'klick-debugsource' 'klickety' 'klickety-lang' 'klines' 'klines-lang' 'klinkstatus' 'klogd' 'kmag' 'kmahjongg' 'kmahjongg-lang' 'kmail' 'kmail' 'kmail-account-wizard' 'kmail-account-wizard-lang' 'kmail-application-icons' 'kmail-lang' 'kmailtransport' 'kmailtransport-devel' 'kmailtransport-lang' 'kmbox-devel' 'kmediaplayer-devel' 'kmediaplayer-devel-32bit' 'kmenuedit5' 'kmenuedit5-lang' 'kmime-devel' 'kmime-lang' 'kmines' 'kmines-lang' 'kmix' 'kmod' 'kmod' 'kmod-compat' 'kmousetool' 'kmouth' 'kmozillahelper' 'kmozillahelper' 'kmplot' 'kmplot-lang' 'kmscon' 'kmymoney' 'kmymoney-devel' 'kmymoney-doc' 'kmymoney-lang' 'knavalbattle' 'knavalbattle-lang' 'knemo' 'knetwalk' 'knetwalk-lang' 'knewstuff-core-devel' 'knewstuff-devel' 'knewstuff-devel-32bit' 'knewstuff-imports' 'knewstuff-quick-devel' 'knock' 'knockd' 'knot' 'knotes' 'knotes-lang' 'knotifications-devel' 'knotifications-devel-32bit' 'knotifyconfig-devel' 'knotifyconfig-devel-32bit' 'koan' 'kodi' 'kodi' 'kodi-debuginfo' 'kodi-debugsource' 'kodi-devel' 'kodi.binary-addons' 'kodi.binary-addons' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.2sf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.2sf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.fluidsynth' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.fluidsynth-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gme' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gme-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gsf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gsf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.modplug' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.modplug-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.nosefart' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.nosefart-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.organya' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.organya-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.qsf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.qsf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.snesapu' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.snesapu-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.ssf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.ssf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.stsound' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.stsound-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.timidity' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.timidity-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.vgmstream' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.vgmstream-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.flac' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.flac-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.lame' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.lame-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.vorbis' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.vorbis-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.wav' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.wav-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-debugsource' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.adaptive' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.adaptive-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.rtmp' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.rtmp-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-peripheral.joystick' 'kodi.binary-addons-peripheral.joystick-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.argustv' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.argustv-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.demo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.demo-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvblink' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvblink-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvbviewer' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvbviewer-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.filmon' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.filmon-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hdhomerun' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hdhomerun-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hts' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hts-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.iptvsimple' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.iptvsimple-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mediaportal.tvserver' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mediaportal.tvserver-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mythtv' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mythtv-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.nextpvr' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.nextpvr-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.njoy' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.njoy-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.octonet' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.octonet-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.pctv' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.pctv-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.stalker' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.stalker-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vbox' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vbox-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vdr.vnsi' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vdr.vnsi-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vuplus' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vuplus-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.wmc' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.wmc-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asteroids' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asteroids-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asterwave' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asterwave-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.biogenesis' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.biogenesis-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.cpblobs' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.cpblobs-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.greynetic' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.greynetic-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.matrixtrails' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.matrixtrails-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pingpong' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pingpong-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pyro' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pyro-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.stars' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.stars-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensavers.rsxs' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensavers.rsxs-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.fishbmc' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.fishbmc-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.goom' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.goom-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.projectm' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.projectm-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.shadertoy' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.shadertoy-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.spectrum' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.spectrum-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.waveform' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.waveform-debuginfo' 'kolf' 'kollision' 'kollision-lang' 'kolor-manager' 'kolourpaint' 'kolourpaint-lang' 'kompare' 'kompare-devel' 'kompare-lang' 'konkretcmpi-devel' 'konkretcmpi-python' 'konqueror' 'konqueror-devel' 'konqueror-lang' 'konqueror-plugins' 'konquest' 'konsole' 'konsole-part' 'konsole-part-lang' 'konsole4-part' 'kontact' 'kontact-lang' 'kontactinterface-devel' 'kontactinterface-lang' 'konversation' 'konversation' 'konversation-lang' 'kopano' 'kopano-archiver' 'kopano-backup' 'kopano-bash-completion' 'kopano-client' 'kopano-common' 'kopano-compat' 'kopano-contacts' 'kopano-dagent' 'kopano-devel' 'kopano-gateway' 'kopano-ical' 'kopano-lang' 'kopano-migration-imap' 'kopano-migration-pst' 'kopano-monitor' 'kopano-presence' 'kopano-search' 'kopano-server' 'kopano-server-packages' 'kopano-spooler' 'kopano-utils' 'kopano-webapp' 'kopano-webapp' 'kopano-webapp-contactfax' 'kopano-webapp-folderwidgets' 'kopano-webapp-gmaps' 'kopano-webapp-lang' 'kopano-webapp-pimfolder' 'kopano-webapp-quickitems' 'kopano-webapp-titlecounter' 'kopano-webapp-webappmanual' 'kopano-webapp-zdeveloper' 'kopete' 'kopete-devel' 'korganizer' 'korganizer-lang' 'kpackage' 'kpackage-32bit' 'kpackage-devel' 'kpackage-devel-32bit' 'kpackage-lang' 'kpartloader' 'kpartloader-lang' 'kparts-devel' 'kparts-devel-32bit' 'kpartsplugin' 'kpartsplugin' 'kpartsplugin-debuginfo' 'kpartsplugin-debugsource' 'kpartx' 'kpassgen' 'kpat' 'kpat-lang' 'kpeople5' 'kpeople5-32bit' 'kpeople5-devel' 'kpeople5-devel-32bit' 'kpeople5-lang' 'kpimtextedit' 'kpimtextedit-devel' 'kpimtextedit-lang' 'kplayer' 'kplayer' 'kplayer-debuginfo' 'kplayer-debugsource' 'kplayer-doc' 'kplayer-lang' 'kplotting-devel' 'kplotting-devel-32bit' 'kpmcore' 'kpmcore-devel' 'kpmcore-lang' 'kppp' 'kproperty' 'kproperty-devel' 'kpty-devel' 'kpty-devel-32bit' 'kqtquickcharts' 'kradio' 'kraft' 'krandr' 'krb5' 'krb5' 'krb5-32bit' 'krb5-appl-clients' 'krb5-appl-servers' 'krb5-auth-dialog' 'krb5-auth-dialog-lang' 'krb5-client' 'krb5-devel' 'krb5-devel-32bit' 'krb5-doc' 'krb5-mini' 'krb5-mini' 'krb5-mini-devel' 'krb5-plugin-kdb-ldap' 'krb5-plugin-preauth-otp' 'krb5-plugin-preauth-pkinit' 'krb5-server' 'krb5-ticket-watcher' 'krdc' 'krdc-devel' 'krdc-lang' 'kremotecontrol' 'kremotecontrol-devel' 'krename' 'kreport' 'kreport-devel' 'kreversi' 'krfb' 'krfb-lang' 'krita' 'krita-devel' 'krita-lang' 'kross' 'kross-32bit' 'kross-devel' 'kross-devel-32bit' 'kross-lang' 'kross-python' 'kruler' 'kruler-lang' 'krunner-devel' 'krunner-devel-32bit' 'krusader' 'krusader' 'krusader-doc' 'kscd' 'kscreen5' 'kscreen5-lang' 'kscreenlocker' 'kscreenlocker-devel' 'kscreenlocker-lang' 'kseg' 'kselftests-kmp-debug' 'kselftests-kmp-default' 'kselftests-kmp-vanilla' 'kservice' 'kservice-32bit' 'kservice-devel' 'kservice-devel-32bit' 'kservice-lang' 'ksh' 'ksh-devel' 'kshisen' 'kshisen-lang' 'kshutdown' 'ksirk' 'ksnakeduel' 'kspaceduel' 'ksplash-qml-branding-openSUSE' 'ksplashx-branding-openSUSE' 'ksquares' 'ksquares-lang' 'ksshaskpass5' 'ksshaskpass5-lang' 'kssl' 'kst' 'kst-devel' 'kstars' 'kstars-lang' 'ksudoku' 'ksysguard5' 'ksysguard5-lang' 'ksystemlog' 'ksystemlog-lang' 'kteatime' 'kteatime-lang' 'kterm' 'ktexteditor' 'ktexteditor' 'ktexteditor-32bit' 'ktexteditor-devel' 'ktexteditor-devel-32bit' 'ktexteditor-lang' 'ktextwidgets-devel' 'ktextwidgets-devel-32bit' 'ktimer' 'ktimer-lang' 'ktnef' 'ktnef-devel' 'ktnef-lang' 'ktoblzcheck' 'ktorrent' 'ktorrent' 'ktorrent-lang' 'ktouch' 'ktouch-lang' 'ktp-accounts-kcm' 'ktp-accounts-kcm-lang' 'ktp-approver' 'ktp-approver-lang' 'ktp-auth-handler' 'ktp-auth-handler-lang' 'ktp-call-ui' 'ktp-call-ui-lang' 'ktp-common-internals' 'ktp-common-internals-devel' 'ktp-common-internals-lang' 'ktp-contact-list' 'ktp-contact-list-lang' 'ktp-contact-runner' 'ktp-contact-runner-lang' 'ktp-desktop-applets' 'ktp-desktop-applets-lang' 'ktp-filetransfer-handler' 'ktp-filetransfer-handler-lang' 'ktp-icons' 'ktp-kded-module' 'ktp-kded-module-lang' 'ktp-send-file' 'ktp-send-file-lang' 'ktp-text-ui' 'ktp-text-ui-lang' 'ktuberling' 'ktuberling-lang' 'kturtle' 'kturtle-lang' 'kubernetes-client' 'kubernetes-common' 'kubernetes-extra' 'kubernetes-master' 'kubernetes-node' 'kubrick' 'kuiviewer' 'kuiviewer-lang' 'kunitconversion-devel' 'kunitconversion-devel-32bit' 'kup-client' 'kup-server' 'kupfer' 'kuser' 'kvazaar' 'kvazaar' 'kvazaar-debuginfo' 'kvazaar-debugsource' 'kvirc' 'kvirc-devel' 'kvirustotal' 'kvirustotal-lang' 'kvkbd' 'kvm_server' 'kvpnc' 'kwallet-devel' 'kwallet-devel-32bit' 'kwallet-tools' 'kwallet-tools-lang' 'kwalletd5' 'kwalletd5-lang' 'kwalletmanager' 'kwalletmanager5' 'kwalletmanager5-lang' 'kwave' 'kwave' 'kwave-lang' 'kwayland' 'kwayland-32bit' 'kwayland-devel' 'kwayland-devel-32bit' 'kwayland-integration' 'kwebkitpart' 'kwebkitpart-lang' 'kwidgetsaddons-devel' 'kwidgetsaddons-devel-32bit' 'kwikdisk' 'kwin' 'kwin5' 'kwin5-devel' 'kwin5-lang' 'kwindowsystem-devel' 'kwindowsystem-devel-32bit' 'kwordquiz' 'kwordquiz-lang' 'kwrite' 'kwrited5' 'kxmlgui-devel' 'kxmlgui-devel-32bit' 'kxmlrpcclient5-devel' 'kxmlrpcclient5-devel-32bit' 'kye' 'kye-data' 'kyotocabinet' 'l-smash' 'l-smash' 'l-smash-devel' 'labplot-kf5' 'labplot-kf5-lang' 'ladspa' 'ladspa-32bit' 'ladspa-AMB' 'ladspa-FIL' 'ladspa-LEET-plugin' 'ladspa-LEET-plugin' 'ladspa-LEET-plugin-debuginfo' 'ladspa-MCP' 'ladspa-REV' 'ladspa-VCO' 'ladspa-WAH' 'ladspa-WAH' 'ladspa-WAH-debuginfo' 'ladspa-WAH-debugsource' 'ladspa-alienwah' 'ladspa-aweight' 'ladspa-aweight' 'ladspa-aweight-debuginfo' 'ladspa-aweight-debugsource' 'ladspa-blepvco' 'ladspa-blop' 'ladspa-bs2b' 'ladspa-bs2b' 'ladspa-bs2b-debuginfo' 'ladspa-bs2b-debugsource' 'ladspa-caps' 'ladspa-clipper' 'ladspa-clipper' 'ladspa-cmt' 'ladspa-devel' 'ladspa-foo-plugins' 'ladspa-foo-plugins' 'ladspa-foo-plugins-debuginfo' 'ladspa-foo-plugins-debugsource' 'ladspa-guitarix' 'ladspa-invada-studio-plugins' 'ladspa-invada-studio-plugins' 'ladspa-lemux' 'ladspa-lemux' 'ladspa-lemux-debuginfo' 'ladspa-lemux-debugsource' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins-debuginfo' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins-debugsource' 'ladspa-matched' 'ladspa-njl' 'ladspa-njl' 'ladspa-njl-debuginfo' 'ladspa-njl-debugsource' 'ladspa-omins' 'ladspa-omins' 'ladspa-omins-debuginfo' 'ladspa-omins-debugsource' 'ladspa-preamp' 'ladspa-pvoc' 'ladspa-sooperlooper' 'ladspa-super-60' 'ladspa-swh-plugins' 'ladspa-tap-plugins' 'ladspa-trigger' 'ladspa-trigger' 'ladspa-vcf' 'ladspa-vlevel' 'ladspa-vocoder' 'ladspa-wasp' 'ladspa-wasp' 'ladspa-wasp-debuginfo' 'ladspa-wasp-debugsource' 'ladspa-wubflip' 'ladspa-wubflip' 'laeqed' 'laf-plugin' 'laf-plugin-javadoc' 'lam' 'lam-32bit' 'lam-devel' 'lame' 'lame' 'lame-debuginfo' 'lame-debugsource' 'lame-doc' 'lame-mp3rtp' 'lame-mp3rtp-debuginfo' 'lamp_server' 'lapack-devel' 'lapack-devel-32bit' 'lapack-devel-static' 'lapack-man' 'lapacke-devel' 'lapacke-devel-32bit' 'lapacke-devel-static' 'laptop' 'laptop-mode-tools' 'lasem' 'lasem-devel' 'lash' 'lash-devel' 'lastpass-cli' 'laszip-devel' 'laszip-test' 'latencytop' 'latex2html' 'latex2html-doc' 'latex2html-pngicons' 'latex2rtf' 'latexila' 'lato-fonts' 'latrace' 'latte-dock' 'lazarus' 'lazarus' 'lazarus-debuginfo' 'lazarus-debugsource' 'lbdb' 'lbxproxy' 'lbzip2' 'lcdf-typetools' 'lcms' 'lcms2' 'lcov' 'lcurse' 'ld10k1' 'ld10k1-devel' 'ldapfuse' 'ldapvi' 'ldb-tools' 'ldirectord' 'ldmtool' 'ldns' 'ldns-devel' 'ldtp' 'ldvd' 'ldvd' 'leafnode' 'leafpad' 'ledger' 'ledmon' 'leechcraft' 'leechcraft-advancednotifications' 'leechcraft-aggregator' 'leechcraft-aggregator-bodyfetch' 'leechcraft-aggregator-webaccess' 'leechcraft-anhero' 'leechcraft-auscrie' 'leechcraft-azoth' 'leechcraft-azoth-abbrev' 'leechcraft-azoth-acetamide' 'leechcraft-azoth-adiumstyles' 'leechcraft-azoth-astrality' 'leechcraft-azoth-autoidler' 'leechcraft-azoth-autopaste' 'leechcraft-azoth-birthdaynotifier' 'leechcraft-azoth-chathistory' 'leechcraft-azoth-depester' 'leechcraft-azoth-doc' 'leechcraft-azoth-embedmedia' 'leechcraft-azoth-hili' 'leechcraft-azoth-isterique' 'leechcraft-azoth-juick' 'leechcraft-azoth-keeso' 'leechcraft-azoth-lastseen' 'leechcraft-azoth-metacontacts' 'leechcraft-azoth-modnok' 'leechcraft-azoth-mucommands' 'leechcraft-azoth-murm' 'leechcraft-azoth-nativeemoticons' 'leechcraft-azoth-otroid' 'leechcraft-azoth-rosenthal' 'leechcraft-azoth-shx' 'leechcraft-azoth-standardstyles' 'leechcraft-azoth-vader' 'leechcraft-azoth-velvetbird' 'leechcraft-azoth-woodpecker' 'leechcraft-azoth-xoox' 'leechcraft-azoth-xtazy' 'leechcraft-bittorrent' 'leechcraft-blasq' 'leechcraft-blasq-deathnote' 'leechcraft-blasq-rappor' 'leechcraft-blasq-spegnersi' 'leechcraft-blasq-vangog' 'leechcraft-blogique' 'leechcraft-blogique-hestia' 'leechcraft-blogique-metida' 'leechcraft-certmgr' 'leechcraft-cpuload' 'leechcraft-cstp' 'leechcraft-dbusmanager' 'leechcraft-deadlyrics' 'leechcraft-devel' 'leechcraft-devmon' 'leechcraft-doc' 'leechcraft-dolozhee' 'leechcraft-dumbeep' 'leechcraft-eleeminator' 'leechcraft-fenet' 'leechcraft-fenet-awesome' 'leechcraft-fenet-kwin' 'leechcraft-fenet-openbox' 'leechcraft-gacts' 'leechcraft-glance' 'leechcraft-gmailnotifier' 'leechcraft-harbinger' 'leechcraft-historyholder' 'leechcraft-hotstreams' 'leechcraft-htthare' 'leechcraft-imgaste' 'leechcraft-intermutko' 'leechcraft-kbswitch' 'leechcraft-kinotify' 'leechcraft-knowhow' 'leechcraft-krigstask' 'leechcraft-lackman' 'leechcraft-lastfmscrobble' 'leechcraft-laughty' 'leechcraft-launchy' 'leechcraft-lemon' 'leechcraft-lhtr' 'leechcraft-liznoo' 'leechcraft-lmp' 'leechcraft-lmp-brainslugz' 'leechcraft-lmp-dumbsync' 'leechcraft-lmp-fradj' 'leechcraft-lmp-graffiti' 'leechcraft-lmp-httstream' 'leechcraft-lmp-mp3tunes' 'leechcraft-lmp-mtpsync' 'leechcraft-lmp-potorchu' 'leechcraft-mellonetray' 'leechcraft-monocle' 'leechcraft-monocle-dik' 'leechcraft-monocle-doc' 'leechcraft-monocle-fxb' 'leechcraft-monocle-pdf' 'leechcraft-monocle-postrus' 'leechcraft-monocle-seen' 'leechcraft-musiczombie' 'leechcraft-netstoremanager' 'leechcraft-netstoremanager-googledrive' 'leechcraft-networkmonitor' 'leechcraft-newlife' 'leechcraft-ooronee' 'leechcraft-otlozhu' 'leechcraft-pintab' 'leechcraft-pogooglue' 'leechcraft-popishu' 'leechcraft-poshuku' 'leechcraft-poshuku-autosearch' 'leechcraft-poshuku-cleanweb' 'leechcraft-poshuku-dcac' 'leechcraft-poshuku-fatape' 'leechcraft-poshuku-filescheme' 'leechcraft-poshuku-fua' 'leechcraft-poshuku-keywords' 'leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks' 'leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks-delicious' 'leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks-readitlater' 'leechcraft-poshuku-qrd' 'leechcraft-poshuku-speeddial' 'leechcraft-qrosp' 'leechcraft-rosenthal' 'leechcraft-sb2' 'leechcraft-scroblibre' 'leechcraft-secman' 'leechcraft-secman-simplestorage' 'leechcraft-seekthru' 'leechcraft-summary' 'leechcraft-sysnotify' 'leechcraft-tabsessionmanager' 'leechcraft-tabslist' 'leechcraft-textogroose' 'leechcraft-touchstreams' 'leechcraft-tpi' 'leechcraft-vgrabber' 'leechcraft-vrooby' 'leechcraft-vtyulc' 'leechcraft-xtazy' 'leechcraft-zalil' 'legion-devel' 'lekha' 'lemonbar' 'lensfun-data' 'lensfun-devel' 'lensfun-doc' 'leptonica' 'leptonica-devel' 'leptonica-tools' 'less' 'lessons4lizards_en' 'letshelp-certbot' 'leveldb-devel' 'leveldb-devel-static' 'lftp' 'lhasa' 'lhasa-devel' 'lib++dfb-1_7-1' 'lib++dfb-devel' 'lib3270-5_0' 'lib3270-devel' 'lib3ds-1-3' 'lib3ds-devel' 'lib4ti2-0' 'libAPFEL0' 'libAnalitza5' 'libAppStreamQt-devel' 'libAppStreamQt2' 'libBox2D-devel' 'libBox2D-devel-32bit' 'libBox2D2_3_1' 'libBox2D2_3_1-32bit' 'libBulletFileLoader2_83' 'libBulletInverseDynamicsUtils2_83' 'libBulletWorldImporter2_83' 'libBulletXmlWorldImporter2_83' 'libCGAL10' 'libCharLS1' 'libCoin60' 'libCoin80' 'libCoin80-debuginfo' 'libColPack0' 'libColPack0-32bit' 'libCollage2' 'libCollage2-debuginfo' 'libColorFull0' 'libConvexDecomposition2_83' 'libEMF-devel' 'libEMF-utils' 'libEMF1' 'libFLAC++6' 'libFLAC++6-32bit' 'libFLAC++6-debuginfo' 'libFLAC8' 'libFLAC8-32bit' 'libFLAC8-debuginfo' 'libFOX-1_6-0' 'libFS-devel' 'libFS-devel-32bit' 'libFS6' 'libFS6-32bit' 'libField3D1_3' 'libField3D1_3-debuginfo' 'libGIMPACTUtils2_83' 'libGLC-devel' 'libGLC0' 'libGLEW1_13' 'libGLEW1_13-32bit' 'libGLU1' 'libGLU1-32bit' 'libGLw-devel' 'libGLw1' 'libGLw1-32bit' 'libGLwM1' 'libGLwM1-32bit' 'libGammu7' 'libGeoIP-devel' 'libGeoIP-devel-32bit' 'libGeoIP1' 'libGeoIP1-32bit' 'libGetDP2_4' 'libGraphicsMagick++-Q16-12' 'libGraphicsMagick++-devel' 'libGraphicsMagick-Q16-3' 'libGraphicsMagick3-config' 'libGraphicsMagickWand-Q16-2' 'libHACD2_83' 'libHBAAPI2' 'libHBAAPI2-devel' 'libHUpnp1' 'libHUpnp1-32bit' 'libHX-devel' 'libHX-devel-32bit' 'libHX28' 'libHX28-32bit' 'libHalf11' 'libHalf11-32bit' 'libHalf12' 'libHalf12-debuginfo' 'libHepMC4' 'libICE-devel' 'libICE-devel-32bit' 'libICE6' 'libICE6-32bit' 'libIDL-2-0' 'libIDL-2-0-32bit' 'libIL1' 'libIccXML-devel' 'libIccXML2' 'libIex-2_1-11' 'libIex-2_1-11-32bit' 'libIex-2_2-12' 'libIex-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libIexMath-2_1-11' 'libIexMath-2_1-11-32bit' 'libIexMath-2_2-12' 'libIexMath-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libIlmImf-Imf_2_1-21' 'libIlmImf-Imf_2_1-21-32bit' 'libIlmThread-2_1-11' 'libIlmThread-2_1-11-32bit' 'libIlmThread-2_2-12' 'libIlmThread-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libImath-2_1-11' 'libImath-2_1-11-32bit' 'libImath-2_2-12' 'libImath-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libImlib2-1' 'libIrrlicht1_8' 'libJudy1' 'libKChart2' 'libKDb3-3' 'libKEduVocDocument5' 'libKF5Activities5' 'libKF5Activities5-32bit' 'libKF5ActivitiesStats1' 'libKF5ActivitiesStats1-32bit' 'libKF5AkonadiAgentBase5' 'libKF5AkonadiCalendar5' 'libKF5AkonadiContact5' 'libKF5AkonadiCore5' 'libKF5AkonadiMime5' 'libKF5AkonadiNotes5' 'libKF5AkonadiPrivate5' 'libKF5AkonadiSearch' 'libKF5AkonadiWidgets5' 'libKF5AkonadiXml5' 'libKF5AlarmCalendar5' 'libKF5Archive5' 'libKF5Archive5-32bit' 'libKF5Attica5' 'libKF5Attica5-32bit' 'libKF5Auth5' 'libKF5Auth5-32bit' 'libKF5Auth5-lang' 'libKF5Baloo5' 'libKF5Baloo5-32bit' 'libKF5BalooEngine5' 'libKF5BalooEngine5-32bit' 'libKF5Blog5' 'libKF5BluezQt6' 'libKF5Bookmarks5' 'libKF5Bookmarks5-32bit' 'libKF5Bookmarks5-lang' 'libKF5CalendarCore5' 'libKF5CalendarEvents5' 'libKF5CalendarEvents5-32bit' 'libKF5CalendarSupport5' 'libKF5CalendarUtils5' 'libKF5Cddb5' 'libKF5CddbWidgets5' 'libKF5Codecs5' 'libKF5Codecs5-32bit' 'libKF5Codecs5-lang' 'libKF5CompactDisc5' 'libKF5Completion5' 'libKF5Completion5-32bit' 'libKF5Completion5-lang' 'libKF5ConfigCore5' 'libKF5ConfigCore5-32bit' 'libKF5ConfigCore5-lang' 'libKF5ConfigGui5' 'libKF5ConfigGui5-32bit' 'libKF5ConfigWidgets5' 'libKF5ConfigWidgets5-32bit' 'libKF5ConfigWidgets5-lang' 'libKF5Contacts5' 'libKF5Contacts5-32bit' 'libKF5CoreAddons5' 'libKF5CoreAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5Crash5' 'libKF5Crash5-32bit' 'libKF5DBusAddons5' 'libKF5DBusAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5DBusAddons5-lang' 'libKF5DNSSD5' 'libKF5DNSSD5-32bit' 'libKF5DNSSD5-lang' 'libKF5Declarative5' 'libKF5Declarative5-32bit' 'libKF5Declarative5-lang' 'libKF5DocTools5' 'libKF5DocTools5-32bit' 'libKF5Emoticons5' 'libKF5Emoticons5-32bit' 'libKF5EventViews5' 'libKF5GlobalAccel5' 'libKF5GlobalAccel5-32bit' 'libKF5GlobalAccel5-lang' 'libKF5GlobalAccelPrivate5' 'libKF5GrantleeTheme5' 'libKF5Gravatar5' 'libKF5GuiAddons5' 'libKF5GuiAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5Holidays5' 'libKF5I18n5' 'libKF5I18n5-32bit' 'libKF5I18n5-lang' 'libKF5IMAP5' 'libKF5IconThemes5' 'libKF5IconThemes5-32bit' 'libKF5IconThemes5-lang' 'libKF5IdentityManagement5' 'libKF5IdleTime5' 'libKF5IdleTime5-32bit' 'libKF5IncidenceEditor5' 'libKF5ItemModels5' 'libKF5ItemModels5-32bit' 'libKF5ItemViews5' 'libKF5ItemViews5-32bit' 'libKF5ItemViews5-lang' 'libKF5JS5' 'libKF5JS5-32bit' 'libKF5JSApi5' 'libKF5JSApi5-32bit' 'libKF5JobWidgets5' 'libKF5JobWidgets5-32bit' 'libKF5JobWidgets5-lang' 'libKF5JsEmbed5' 'libKF5JsEmbed5-32bit' 'libKF5JsEmbed5-lang' 'libKF5KCMUtils5' 'libKF5KCMUtils5-32bit' 'libKF5KCMUtils5-lang' 'libKF5KDELibs4Support5' 'libKF5KDELibs4Support5-32bit' 'libKF5KDGantt2-5' 'libKF5KDcraw5' 'libKF5KExiv2-15_0_0' 'libKF5KFace10_0_0' 'libKF5KGeoMap10_0_0' 'libKF5KHtml5' 'libKF5KHtml5-32bit' 'libKF5KHtml5-lang' 'libKF5KMahjongglib5' 'libKF5Kipi32_0_0' 'libKF5KontactInterface5' 'libKF5Ldap5' 'libKF5Libkdepim5' 'libKF5LibkdepimAkonadi5' 'libKF5Libkleo5' 'libKF5MailCommon5' 'libKF5MailImporter5' 'libKF5MailImporterAkonadi5' 'libKF5MailTransport5' 'libKF5MailTransportAkonadi5' 'libKF5Mbox5' 'libKF5MediaPlayer5' 'libKF5MediaPlayer5-32bit' 'libKF5Mime5' 'libKF5ModemManagerQt-devel' 'libKF5ModemManagerQt6' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt-devel' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt-devel-32bit' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt6' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt6-32bit' 'libKF5NewStuff5' 'libKF5NewStuff5-32bit' 'libKF5NewStuff5-lang' 'libKF5NewStuffCore5' 'libKF5NewStuffCore5-32bit' 'libKF5Notifications5' 'libKF5Notifications5-32bit' 'libKF5Notifications5-lang' 'libKF5NotifyConfig5' 'libKF5NotifyConfig5-32bit' 'libKF5NotifyConfig5-lang' 'libKF5Parts5' 'libKF5Parts5-32bit' 'libKF5Parts5-lang' 'libKF5PimCommon5' 'libKF5PimCommonAkonadi5' 'libKF5PimTextEdit5' 'libKF5Plotting5' 'libKF5Plotting5-32bit' 'libKF5Prison5' 'libKF5Prison5-32bit' 'libKF5Pty5' 'libKF5Pty5-32bit' 'libKF5Pty5-lang' 'libKF5QGpgme5' 'libKF5QGpgme5-32bit' 'libKF5QuickAddons5' 'libKF5QuickAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5Runner5' 'libKF5Runner5-32bit' 'libKF5Sane5' 'libKF5Screen7' 'libKF5Screen7-32bit' 'libKF5Solid5' 'libKF5Solid5-32bit' 'libKF5Solid5-lang' 'libKF5SonnetCore5' 'libKF5SonnetCore5-32bit' 'libKF5SonnetCore5-lang' 'libKF5SonnetUi5' 'libKF5SonnetUi5-32bit' 'libKF5Style5' 'libKF5Style5-32bit' 'libKF5Su5' 'libKF5Su5-32bit' 'libKF5Su5-lang' 'libKF5Syndication5' 'libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5' 'libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5-32bit' 'libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5-lang' 'libKF5TextWidgets5' 'libKF5TextWidgets5-32bit' 'libKF5TextWidgets5-lang' 'libKF5ThreadWeaver5' 'libKF5ThreadWeaver5-32bit' 'libKF5Tnef5' 'libKF5UnitConversion5' 'libKF5UnitConversion5-32bit' 'libKF5UnitConversion5-lang' 'libKF5Wallet5' 'libKF5Wallet5-32bit' 'libKF5WebKit5' 'libKF5WebKit5-32bit' 'libKF5WidgetsAddons5' 'libKF5WidgetsAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5WidgetsAddons5-lang' 'libKF5WindowSystem5' 'libKF5WindowSystem5-32bit' 'libKF5WindowSystem5-lang' 'libKF5XmlGui5' 'libKF5XmlGui5-32bit' 'libKF5XmlGui5-lang' 'libKF5XmlRpcClient5' 'libKF5XmlRpcClient5-32bit' 'libKF5XmlRpcClient5-lang' 'libKGantt2' 'libKPimGAPIBlogger5' 'libKPimGAPICalendar5' 'libKPimGAPIContacts5' 'libKPimGAPICore5' 'libKPimGAPIDrive5' 'libKPimGAPILatitude5' 'libKPimGAPIMaps5' 'libKPimGAPITasks5' 'libKPimKDAV5' 'libKPropertyCore3-3' 'libKPropertyWidgets3-3' 'libKReport3-3' 'libKScreenLocker5' 'libLASi-devel' 'libLASi1' 'libLHAPDF' 'libLLVM' 'libLLVM-32bit' 'libLunchbox3' 'libLunchbox3-debuginfo' 'libMagick++-6_Q16-3' 'libMagick++-6_Q16-3-32bit' 'libMagick++-devel' 'libMagick++-devel-32bit' 'libMagickCore-6_Q16-1' 'libMagickCore-6_Q16-1-32bit' 'libMagickWand-6_Q16-1' 'libMagickWand-6_Q16-1-32bit' 'libMrm4' 'libMrm4-32bit' 'libOIS-1_3_0' 'libOIS-devel' 'libOSC-devel' 'libOSC0' 'libOSC0-debuginfo' 'libOSMesa-devel' 'libOSMesa-devel-32bit' 'libOSMesa8' 'libOSMesa8-32bit' 'libOpenCL1' 'libOpenCOLLADA0' 'libOpenColorIO1' 'libOpenImageIO1_7' 'libOpenImageIO_Util1_7' 'libOpenSceneGraph-devel' 'libOpenSceneGraph130' 'libOpenThreads-devel' 'libOpenThreads20' 'libOyranosSynnefo-devel' 'libOyranosSynnefo-devel-static' 'libOyranosSynnefo1' 'libQTweetLib1_0' 'libQTweetLib1_0-debuginfo' 'libQgpsmm22' 'libQt4Pas5' 'libQt53DCore-devel' 'libQt53DCore5' 'libQt53DCore5-32bit' 'libQt53DInput-devel' 'libQt53DInput5' 'libQt53DInput5-32bit' 'libQt53DLogic-devel' 'libQt53DLogic5' 'libQt53DLogic5-32bit' 'libQt53DQuick-devel' 'libQt53DQuick5' 'libQt53DQuick5-32bit' 'libQt53DQuickInput-devel' 'libQt53DQuickInput5' 'libQt53DQuickInput5-32bit' 'libQt53DQuickRender-devel' 'libQt53DQuickRender5' 'libQt53DQuickRender5-32bit' 'libQt53DRender-devel' 'libQt53DRender5' 'libQt53DRender5-32bit' 'libQt5Bluetooth5' 'libQt5Bluetooth5-32bit' 'libQt5Bluetooth5-imports' 'libQt5Bootstrap-devel-static' 'libQt5Bootstrap-devel-static-32bit' 'libQt5CLucene5' 'libQt5CLucene5-32bit' 'libQt5Compositor5' 'libQt5Compositor5-32bit' 'libQt5Concurrent-devel' 'libQt5Concurrent-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Concurrent5' 'libQt5Concurrent5-32bit' 'libQt5Core-devel' 'libQt5Core-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Core-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Core5' 'libQt5Core5-32bit' 'libQt5DBus-devel' 'libQt5DBus-devel-32bit' 'libQt5DBus-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5DBus5' 'libQt5DBus5-32bit' 'libQt5Designer5' 'libQt5Designer5-32bit' 'libQt5DesignerComponents5' 'libQt5DesignerComponents5-32bit' 'libQt5Gui-devel' 'libQt5Gui-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Gui-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Gui5' 'libQt5Gui5-32bit' 'libQt5Help5' 'libQt5Help5-32bit' 'libQt5Location5' 'libQt5Location5-32bit' 'libQt5Multimedia5' 'libQt5Multimedia5-32bit' 'libQt5Network-devel' 'libQt5Network-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Network-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Network5' 'libQt5Network5-32bit' 'libQt5Nfc5' 'libQt5Nfc5-32bit' 'libQt5Nfc5-imports' 'libQt5OpenGL-devel' 'libQt5OpenGL-devel-32bit' 'libQt5OpenGL-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5OpenGL5' 'libQt5OpenGL5-32bit' 'libQt5OpenGLExtensions-devel-static' 'libQt5OpenGLExtensions-devel-static-32bit' 'libQt5PlatformHeaders-devel' 'libQt5PlatformSupport-devel-static' 'libQt5PlatformSupport-devel-static-32bit' 'libQt5PlatformSupport-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Positioning5' 'libQt5Positioning5-32bit' 'libQt5PrintSupport-devel' 'libQt5PrintSupport-devel-32bit' 'libQt5PrintSupport-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5PrintSupport5' 'libQt5PrintSupport5-32bit' 'libQt5Script5' 'libQt5Script5-32bit' 'libQt5Sensors5' 'libQt5Sensors5-32bit' 'libQt5Sensors5-imports' 'libQt5SerialPort5' 'libQt5SerialPort5-32bit' 'libQt5Sql-devel' 'libQt5Sql-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Sql-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Sql5' 'libQt5Sql5-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-mysql' 'libQt5Sql5-mysql-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-postgresql' 'libQt5Sql5-postgresql-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-sqlite' 'libQt5Sql5-sqlite-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-unixODBC' 'libQt5Sql5-unixODBC-32bit' 'libQt5Svg5' 'libQt5Svg5-32bit' 'libQt5Test-devel' 'libQt5Test-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Test-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Test5' 'libQt5Test5-32bit' 'libQt5WaylandClient5' 'libQt5WaylandClient5-32bit' 'libQt5WebChannel5' 'libQt5WebChannel5-32bit' 'libQt5WebChannel5-imports' 'libQt5WebKit-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5WebKit5' 'libQt5WebKit5-32bit' 'libQt5WebKit5-devel' 'libQt5WebKit5-devel-32bit' 'libQt5WebKit5-imports' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets-devel' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets-devel-32bit' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets5' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets5-32bit' 'libQt5WebSockets5' 'libQt5WebSockets5-32bit' 'libQt5WebSockets5-imports' 'libQt5Widgets-devel' 'libQt5Widgets-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Widgets-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Widgets5' 'libQt5Widgets5-32bit' 'libQt5X11Extras5' 'libQt5X11Extras5-32bit' 'libQt5Xdg2' 'libQt5XdgIconLoader-devel' 'libQt5XdgIconLoader2' 'libQt5Xml-devel' 'libQt5Xml-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Xml5' 'libQt5Xml5-32bit' 'libQt5XmlPatterns5' 'libQt5XmlPatterns5-32bit' 'libQtAV1' 'libQtAV1-debuginfo' 'libQtAVWidgets1' 'libQtAVWidgets1-debuginfo' 'libQtAssistantClient4' 'libQtAssistantClient4-32bit' 'libQtQuick5' 'libQtQuick5-32bit' 'libQtSolutions_SOAP-2_7-1' 'libQtSolutions_SOAP-2_7-1-32bit' 'libQtWebKit-devel' 'libQtWebKit4' 'libQtWebKit4-32bit' 'libRaTools0' 'libRivet-2_5_2' 'libSDL-1_2-0' 'libSDL-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL-devel' 'libSDL-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2-2_0-0' 'libSDL2-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2-devel' 'libSDL2-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_gfx-1_0-0' 'libSDL2_gfx-1_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_gfx-devel' 'libSDL2_gfx-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_image-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_image-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_image-devel' 'libSDL2_image-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_mixer-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_mixer-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_mixer-devel' 'libSDL2_mixer-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_net-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_net-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_net-devel' 'libSDL2_net-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_ttf-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_ttf-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_ttf-devel' 'libSDL2_ttf-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_Pango-devel' 'libSDL_Pango-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_Pango1' 'libSDL_Pango1-32bit' 'libSDL_bgi-devel' 'libSDL_bgi0' 'libSDL_gfx-devel' 'libSDL_gfx-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_gfx15' 'libSDL_gfx15-32bit' 'libSDL_image-1_2-0' 'libSDL_image-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL_image-devel' 'libSDL_image-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_mixer-1_2-0' 'libSDL_mixer-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL_mixer-devel' 'libSDL_mixer-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_net-1_2-0' 'libSDL_net-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL_net-devel' 'libSDL_net-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_sound-1_0-1' 'libSDL_sound-1_0-1-32bit' 'libSDL_sound-devel' 'libSDL_sound-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_ttf-2_0-0' 'libSDL_ttf-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL_ttf-devel' 'libSDL_ttf-devel-32bit' 'libSDLmm-0_1-8' 'libSDLmm-0_1-8-32bit' 'libSDLmm-devel' 'libSDLmm-devel-32bit' 'libSHERPA-MC-config' 'libSHERPA-MC0' 'libSM-devel' 'libSM-devel-32bit' 'libSM6' 'libSM6-32bit' 'libSOIL-devel' 'libSOIL1' 'libSPIRV-Tools-1_1' 'libSampleICC-devel' 'libSampleICC1' 'libSimGearCore-2017_1_2' 'libSoQt20' 'libSoQt20-debuginfo' 'libSoundTouch0' 'libSoundTouch0-32bit' 'libSwiften3' 'libUil4' 'libUil4-32bit' 'libX11-6' 'libX11-6-32bit' 'libX11-data' 'libX11-devel' 'libX11-devel-32bit' 'libX11-xcb1' 'libX11-xcb1-32bit' 'libXNVCtrl' 'libXNVCtrl' 'libXRes1' 'libXRes1-32bit' 'libXScrnSaver-devel' 'libXScrnSaver-devel-32bit' 'libXTrap-devel' 'libXTrap-devel-32bit' 'libXTrap6' 'libXTrap6-32bit' 'libXau-devel' 'libXau-devel-32bit' 'libXau6' 'libXau6-32bit' 'libXaw-devel' 'libXaw-devel-32bit' 'libXaw3d-devel' 'libXaw3d-devel-32bit' 'libXaw3d6' 'libXaw3d6-32bit' 'libXaw3d7' 'libXaw3d7-32bit' 'libXaw3d8' 'libXaw3d8-32bit' 'libXaw3dXft' 'libXaw3dXft-debugsource' 'libXaw3dxft-devel' 'libXaw3dxft8' 'libXaw3dxft8-debuginfo' 'libXaw6' 'libXaw6-32bit' 'libXaw7' 'libXaw7-32bit' 'libXaw8' 'libXaw8-32bit' 'libXbgi-devel' 'libXbgi1' 'libXcm-devel' 'libXcm0' 'libXcmDDC0' 'libXcmEDID0' 'libXcmX11-0' 'libXcomposite-devel' 'libXcomposite-devel-32bit' 'libXcomposite1' 'libXcomposite1-32bit' 'libXcursor' 'libXcursor-devel' 'libXcursor-devel-32bit' 'libXcursor1' 'libXcursor1-32bit' 'libXdamage-devel' 'libXdamage-devel-32bit' 'libXdamage1' 'libXdamage1-32bit' 'libXdmcp-devel' 'libXdmcp-devel-32bit' 'libXdmcp6' 'libXdmcp6-32bit' 'libXevie-devel' 'libXevie-devel-32bit' 'libXevie1' 'libXevie1-32bit' 'libXext-devel' 'libXext-devel-32bit' 'libXext6' 'libXext6-32bit' 'libXfixes-devel' 'libXfixes-devel-32bit' 'libXfixes3' 'libXfixes3-32bit' 'libXfont' 'libXfont-devel' 'libXfont-devel-32bit' 'libXfont1' 'libXfont1-32bit' 'libXfont2-2' 'libXfont2-2-32bit' 'libXfont2-devel' 'libXfont2-devel-32bit' 'libXfontcache-devel' 'libXfontcache-devel-32bit' 'libXfontcache1' 'libXfontcache1-32bit' 'libXft-devel' 'libXft-devel-32bit' 'libXft2' 'libXft2-32bit' 'libXi' 'libXi-devel' 'libXi-devel-32bit' 'libXi6' 'libXi6-32bit' 'libXinerama-devel' 'libXinerama-devel-32bit' 'libXinerama1' 'libXinerama1-32bit' 'libXiterm-devel' 'libXiterm1' 'libXm4' 'libXm4-32bit' 'libXmu-devel' 'libXmu-devel-32bit' 'libXmu6' 'libXmu6-32bit' 'libXmuu1' 'libXmuu1-32bit' 'libXp-devel' 'libXp-devel-32bit' 'libXp6' 'libXp6-32bit' 'libXpm-devel' 'libXpm-devel-32bit' 'libXpm-tools' 'libXpm4' 'libXpm4-32bit' 'libXprintAppUtil-devel' 'libXprintAppUtil-devel-32bit' 'libXprintAppUtil1' 'libXprintAppUtil1-32bit' 'libXprintUtil-devel' 'libXprintUtil-devel-32bit' 'libXprintUtil1' 'libXprintUtil1-32bit' 'libXrandr-devel' 'libXrandr-devel-32bit' 'libXrandr2' 'libXrandr2-32bit' 'libXrender-devel' 'libXrender-devel-32bit' 'libXrender1' 'libXrender1-32bit' 'libXres-devel' 'libXres-devel-32bit' 'libXss1' 'libXss1-32bit' 'libXt-devel' 'libXt-devel-32bit' 'libXt6' 'libXt6-32bit' 'libXtst-devel' 'libXtst-devel-32bit' 'libXtst6' 'libXtst6-32bit' 'libXv-devel' 'libXv-devel-32bit' 'libXv1' 'libXv1-32bit' 'libXvMC-devel' 'libXvMC-devel-32bit' 'libXvMC1' 'libXvMC1-32bit' 'libXvMC_nouveau' 'libXvMC_nouveau-32bit' 'libXvMC_r600' 'libXvMC_r600-32bit' 'libXvnc-devel' 'libXvnc1' 'libXxf86dga-devel' 'libXxf86dga-devel-32bit' 'libXxf86dga1' 'libXxf86dga1-32bit' 'libXxf86misc-devel' 'libXxf86misc-devel-32bit' 'libXxf86misc1' 'libXxf86misc1-32bit' 'libXxf86vm-devel' 'libXxf86vm-devel-32bit' 'libXxf86vm1' 'libXxf86vm1-32bit' 'libYODA-1_6_5' 'liba52-0' 'liba52-0-32bit' 'liba52-0-debuginfo' 'liba52-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'liba52-devel' 'libaa1' 'libaa1-32bit' 'libaacs' 'libaacs-debugsource' 'libaacs-devel' 'libaacs0' 'libaacs0-debuginfo' 'libaal-1_0-6' 'libaal-devel' 'libaal-devel-static' 'libaal-minimal0' 'libabigail-devel' 'libabigail-tools' 'libabigail0' 'libabiword-3_0' 'libabiword-3_0-devel' 'libabw-0_1-1' 'libabw-devel' 'libabw-devel-doc' 'libabw-tools' 'libaccounts-glib-devel' 'libaccounts-glib-docs' 'libaccounts-glib-tools' 'libaccounts-glib0' 'libaccounts-glib0-32bit' 'libaccounts-qt5-1' 'libaccounts-qt5-devel' 'libaccounts-qt5-doc' 'libaccounts-qt5-tools' 'libaccountsservice0' 'libacl-devel' 'libacl-devel-32bit' 'libacl1' 'libacl1-32bit' 'libacr38ucontrol0' 'libada48' 'libada48-32bit' 'libada5' 'libada5-32bit' 'libada6' 'libada6-32bit' 'libada7' 'libada7-32bit' 'libadns-devel' 'libadns-devel-32bit' 'libadns1' 'libadns1-32bit' 'libadolc2' 'libadolc2-32bit' 'libaften-devel' 'libaften0' 'libaften0-debuginfo' 'libagg2' 'libagg2-32bit' 'libaio-devel' 'libaio-devel-32bit' 'libaio1' 'libaio1-32bit' 'libairspy0' 'libakonadi4' 'libakonadi4-32bit' 'libakonadiprotocolinternals-devel' 'libakonadiprotocolinternals1' 'libakonadiprotocolinternals1-32bit' 'libalac-devel' 'libalac0' 'libalkimia-devel' 'libalkimia4' 'liballeg-devel' 'liballeg4_4' 'liballeg4_4-32bit' 'liballeggl-devel' 'liballeggl4_4' 'liballeggl4_4-32bit' 'libalut0' 'libalut0-32bit' 'libamd-2_4_1' 'libamrnb-devel' 'libamrnb3' 'libamrnb3-debuginfo' 'libamrwb-devel' 'libamrwb3' 'libamrwb3-debuginfo' 'libangelscript-2_29_2' 'libanjuta-3-0' 'libantlr3c-3_4' 'libao-devel' 'libao-plugins4' 'libao-plugins4-32bit' 'libao4' 'libao4-32bit' 'libap4-1_5_0r615' 'libap4-1_5_0r615-debuginfo' 'libapparmor-devel' 'libapparmor1' 'libapparmor1-32bit' 'libappindicator-devel' 'libappindicator-doc' 'libappindicator1' 'libappindicator3-1' 'libappindicator3-devel' 'libappstream-builder8' 'libappstream-glib8' 'libappstream4' 'libapr-util1' 'libapr-util1' 'libapr-util1-dbd-mysql' 'libapr-util1-dbd-pgsql' 'libapr-util1-dbd-sqlite3' 'libapr-util1-devel' 'libapr1' 'libapr1-devel' 'libarchive-devel' 'libarchive13' 'libarchive13-32bit' 'libargon2-0' 'libargtable2-0' 'libargtable2-devel' 'libaria2-0' 'libarmadillo7' 'libarmadillo7-32bit' 'libarpack2' 'libarpack2-32bit' 'libarpec0' 'libart_lgpl-devel' 'libart_lgpl-devel-32bit' 'libart_lgpl_2-2' 'libart_lgpl_2-2-32bit' 'libasan0' 'libasan0-32bit' 'libasan2' 'libasan2-32bit' 'libasan3' 'libasan3-32bit' 'libasan4' 'libasan4-32bit' 'libasm-devel' 'libasm1' 'libasm1-32bit' 'libasn1c-devel' 'libasn1c0' 'libasound2' 'libasound2-32bit' 'libaspell15' 'libaspell15-32bit' 'libass-devel' 'libass5' 'libass5-32bit' 'libassuan-devel' 'libassuan0' 'libassuan0-32bit' 'libastro1' 'libasyncns-devel' 'libasyncns0' 'libatalk16' 'libatasmart-devel' 'libatasmart-utils' 'libatasmart4' 'libathemecore1' 'libatk-1_0-0' 'libatk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libatk-bridge-2_0-0' 'libatk-bridge-2_0-0-32bit' 'libatkmm-1_6-1' 'libatkmm-1_6-1-32bit' 'libatlascpp-0_6-1' 'libatm1' 'libatomic1' 'libatomic1-32bit' 'libatomic1-gcc48' 'libatomic1-gcc48-32bit' 'libatomic1-gcc5' 'libatomic1-gcc5-32bit' 'libatomic1-gcc6' 'libatomic1-gcc6-32bit' 'libatomic_ops-devel' 'libatomicparsley0' 'libatrildocument3' 'libatrilview3' 'libatspi0' 'libatspi0-32bit' 'libattica-devel' 'libattica-devel-32bit' 'libattica0_4' 'libattica0_4-32bit' 'libattr-devel' 'libattr-devel-32bit' 'libattr-devel-static' 'libattr1' 'libattr1-32bit' 'libaubio-devel' 'libaubio4' 'libaubio4-32bit' 'libaudclient-devel' 'libaudclient2' 'libaudclient2' 'libaudclient2-debuginfo' 'libaudclient2-debugsource' 'libaudcore4' 'libaudcore4-debuginfo' 'libaudgui4' 'libaudgui4-debuginfo' 'libaudiofile1' 'libaudiofile1-32bit' 'libaudit1' 'libaudit1-32bit' 'libaudqt1' 'libaudqt1-debuginfo' 'libaudtag3' 'libaudtag3-debuginfo' 'libaugeas0' 'libaugeas0-32bit' 'libauparse0' 'libauparse0-32bit' 'libautotrace3' 'libavahi-client3' 'libavahi-client3-32bit' 'libavahi-common3' 'libavahi-common3-32bit' 'libavahi-core7' 'libavahi-devel' 'libavahi-glib-devel' 'libavahi-glib1' 'libavahi-glib1-32bit' 'libavahi-gobject-devel' 'libavahi-gobject0' 'libavahi-qt4-1' 'libavahi-qt4-devel' 'libavahi-ui-gtk3-0' 'libavahi-ui0' 'libavc1394' 'libavc1394-0' 'libavc1394-0-32bit' 'libavc1394-devel' 'libavc1394-devel-32bit' 'libavcodec-2.8-devel' 'libavcodec-3.2-devel' 'libavcodec-devel' 'libavcodec56' 'libavcodec56-32bit' 'libavcodec56-debuginfo' 'libavcodec56-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavcodec57' 'libavcodec57-32bit' 'libavcodec57-debuginfo' 'libavcodec57-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavdevice-2.8-devel' 'libavdevice-3.2-devel' 'libavdevice-devel' 'libavdevice56' 'libavdevice56-32bit' 'libavdevice56-debuginfo' 'libavdevice56-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavdevice57' 'libavdevice57-32bit' 'libavdevice57-debuginfo' 'libavdevice57-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavfilter-2.8-devel' 'libavfilter-3.2-devel' 'libavfilter-devel' 'libavfilter5' 'libavfilter5-32bit' 'libavfilter5-debuginfo' 'libavfilter5-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavfilter6' 'libavfilter6-32bit' 'libavfilter6-debuginfo' 'libavfilter6-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavformat-2.8-devel' 'libavformat-3.2-devel' 'libavformat-devel' 'libavformat56' 'libavformat56-32bit' 'libavformat56-debuginfo' 'libavformat56-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavformat57' 'libavformat57-32bit' 'libavformat57-debuginfo' 'libavformat57-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavfs0' 'libavifile-devel' 'libaviplay-0_7-0' 'libaviplay-0_7-0-debuginfo' 'libavogadro1' 'libavogadro1-32bit' 'libavogadrolibs-suse0' 'libavresample-2.8-devel' 'libavresample-3.2-devel' 'libavresample-devel' 'libavresample2' 'libavresample2-32bit' 'libavresample2-debuginfo' 'libavresample2-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavresample3' 'libavresample3-32bit' 'libavresample3-debuginfo' 'libavresample3-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavutil-2.8-devel' 'libavutil-3.2-devel' 'libavutil-devel' 'libavutil54' 'libavutil54-32bit' 'libavutil54-debuginfo' 'libavutil54-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavutil55' 'libavutil55-32bit' 'libavutil55-debuginfo' 'libavutil55-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavxsynth0' 'libavxsynth0-debuginfo' 'libb64' 'libb64-0' 'libb64-devel' 'libbabl-0_1-0' 'libbamf3-2' 'libbase' 'libbase-javadoc' 'libbasicobjects-devel' 'libbasicobjects-devel-32bit' 'libbasicobjects0' 'libbasicobjects0-32bit' 'libbcc0' 'libbctoolbox-tester0' 'libbctoolbox-tester0-32bit' 'libbctoolbox-tester0-debuginfo' 'libbctoolbox0' 'libbctoolbox0-32bit' 'libbctoolbox0-debuginfo' 'libbcunit1' 'libbcunit1-32bit' 'libbde-devel' 'libbde-tools' 'libbde1' 'libbdplus' 'libbdplus-debugsource' 'libbdplus-devel' 'libbdplus0' 'libbdplus0-debuginfo' 'libbeecrypt-devel' 'libbeecrypt6' 'libbelcard1' 'libbelcard1-32bit' 'libbellesip0' 'libbellesip0-debuginfo' 'libbelr1' 'libbelr1-32bit' 'libbenchmark0' 'libbfio-devel' 'libbfio1' 'libbiblesync1_1' 'libbinio-devel' 'libbinio1' 'libbinio1' 'libbinio1-debuginfo' 'libbinio1-debugsource' 'libbitcoinconsensus-devel' 'libbitcoinconsensus0' 'libbitmask-devel' 'libbitmask1' 'libblacs2-openmpi' 'libblacs2-openmpi-devel' 'libblacs2-openmpi-devel-static' 'libbladeRF1' 'libblas3' 'libblas3-32bit' 'libblitz0' 'libblkid-devel' 'libblkid-devel-32bit' 'libblkid-devel-static' 'libblkid1' 'libblkid1-32bit' 'libblosc1' 'libbluetooth3' 'libbluetooth3-32bit' 'libbluray-bdj' 'libbluray-devel' 'libbluray-tools' 'libbluray2' 'libbluray2-32bit' 'libbml-devel' 'libbml1' 'libbml1-debuginfo' 'libboinc7' 'libbonobo' 'libbonobo-32bit' 'libbonobo-devel' 'libbonobo-doc' 'libbonobo-lang' 'libbonoboui' 'libbonoboui-32bit' 'libbonoboui-devel' 'libbonoboui-doc' 'libbonoboui-lang' 'libbonoboui-tools' 'libboost_atomic1_54_0' 'libboost_atomic1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_atomic1_58_0' 'libboost_atomic1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_atomic1_61_0' 'libboost_atomic1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_chrono1_54_0' 'libboost_chrono1_58_0' 'libboost_chrono1_61_0' 'libboost_container1_58_0' 'libboost_container1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_container1_61_0' 'libboost_container1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_context1_54_0' 'libboost_context1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_context1_58_0' 'libboost_context1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_context1_61_0' 'libboost_context1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_coroutine1_58_0' 'libboost_coroutine1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_coroutine1_61_0' 'libboost_coroutine1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_date_time1_54_0' 'libboost_date_time1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_date_time1_58_0' 'libboost_date_time1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_date_time1_61_0' 'libboost_date_time1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_filesystem1_54_0' 'libboost_filesystem1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_filesystem1_58_0' 'libboost_filesystem1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_filesystem1_61_0' 'libboost_filesystem1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph1_54_0' 'libboost_graph1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph1_58_0' 'libboost_graph1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph1_61_0' 'libboost_graph1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_54_0' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_58_0' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_61_0' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_iostreams1_54_0' 'libboost_iostreams1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_iostreams1_58_0' 'libboost_iostreams1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_iostreams1_61_0' 'libboost_iostreams1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_locale1_54_0' 'libboost_locale1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_locale1_58_0' 'libboost_locale1_61_0' 'libboost_log1_54_0' 'libboost_log1_58_0' 'libboost_log1_61_0' 'libboost_math1_54_0' 'libboost_math1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_math1_58_0' 'libboost_math1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_math1_61_0' 'libboost_math1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_mpi1_54_0' 'libboost_mpi1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_mpi1_58_0' 'libboost_mpi1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_mpi1_61_0' 'libboost_mpi1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_program_options1_54_0' 'libboost_program_options1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_program_options1_58_0' 'libboost_program_options1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_program_options1_61_0' 'libboost_program_options1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_python1_54_0' 'libboost_python1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_python1_58_0' 'libboost_python1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_python1_61_0' 'libboost_python1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_python3-1_61_0' 'libboost_random1_54_0' 'libboost_random1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_random1_58_0' 'libboost_random1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_random1_61_0' 'libboost_random1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_regex1_54_0' 'libboost_regex1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_regex1_58_0' 'libboost_regex1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_regex1_61_0' 'libboost_regex1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_serialization1_54_0' 'libboost_serialization1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_serialization1_58_0' 'libboost_serialization1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_serialization1_61_0' 'libboost_serialization1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_signals1_54_0' 'libboost_signals1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_signals1_58_0' 'libboost_signals1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_signals1_61_0' 'libboost_signals1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_system1_54_0' 'libboost_system1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_system1_58_0' 'libboost_system1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_system1_61_0' 'libboost_system1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_test1_54_0' 'libboost_test1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_test1_58_0' 'libboost_test1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_test1_61_0' 'libboost_test1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_thread1_54_0' 'libboost_thread1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_thread1_58_0' 'libboost_thread1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_thread1_61_0' 'libboost_thread1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_timer1_54_0' 'libboost_timer1_58_0' 'libboost_timer1_61_0' 'libboost_type_erasure1_61_0' 'libboost_type_erasure1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_wave1_54_0' 'libboost_wave1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_wave1_58_0' 'libboost_wave1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_wave1_61_0' 'libboost_wave1_61_0-32bit' 'libbotan-1_10-1' 'libbotan-1_10-1-32bit' 'libbotan-devel' 'libbotan-devel-32bit' 'libbraille' 'libbraille-devel' 'libbraille-fake' 'libbrasero-burn3-1' 'libbrasero-media3-1' 'libbrasero-utils3-1' 'libbrlapi0_6' 'libbrotli-devel' 'libbrotlidec0' 'libbrotlienc0' 'libbs2b' 'libbs2b-devel' 'libbs2b-devel-32bit' 'libbs2b0' 'libbs2b0-32bit' 'libbs2b0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libbsd-ctor-static' 'libbsd-devel' 'libbsd0' 'libbtf-1_2_1' 'libbtrfs-devel' 'libbtrfs0' 'libbullet-devel' 'libbullet2_83' 'libburn-devel' 'libburn4' 'libbuzztrax-core-devel' 'libbuzztrax-core1' 'libbuzztrax-core1-debuginfo' 'libbuzztrax-gst-devel' 'libbuzztrax-gst1' 'libbuzztrax-gst1-debuginfo' 'libbuzztrax-ic-devel' 'libbuzztrax-ic1' 'libbuzztrax-ic1-debuginfo' 'libbz2-1' 'libbz2-1-32bit' 'libbz2-devel' 'libbz2-devel-32bit' 'libbzrtp0' 'libbzrtp0-32bit' 'libbzrtp0-debuginfo' 'libc-client2007e_suse' 'libcaca-devel' 'libcaca-python' 'libcaca-ruby' 'libcaca0' 'libcaca0-32bit' 'libcaca0-plugins' 'libcaca0-plugins-32bit' 'libcacard' 'libcacard-devel' 'libcacard0' 'libcaes-devel' 'libcaes1' 'libcairo-gobject2' 'libcairo-gobject2-32bit' 'libcairo-script-interpreter2' 'libcairo-script-interpreter2-32bit' 'libcairo2' 'libcairo2-32bit' 'libcairomm-1_0-1' 'libcairomm-1_0-1-32bit' 'libcaja-extension1' 'libcalc1' 'libcamd-2_4_1' 'libcamel-1_2-57' 'libcamel-1_2-57-32bit' 'libcamel-1_2-59' 'libcamel-1_2-59-32bit' 'libcamgm-devel' 'libcamgm-devel-32bit' 'libcamgm100' 'libcamgm100-32bit' 'libcanberra-devel' 'libcanberra-gtk-devel' 'libcanberra-gtk-module-common' 'libcanberra-gtk0' 'libcanberra-gtk0-32bit' 'libcanberra-gtk2-module' 'libcanberra-gtk2-module-32bit' 'libcanberra-gtk3-0' 'libcanberra-gtk3-0-32bit' 'libcanberra-gtk3-devel' 'libcanberra-gtk3-module' 'libcanberra-gtk3-module-32bit' 'libcanberra0' 'libcanberra0-32bit' 'libcantorlibs17' 'libcap-devel' 'libcap-ng-devel' 'libcap-ng-utils' 'libcap-ng0' 'libcap-ng0-32bit' 'libcap-progs' 'libcap1' 'libcap1-32bit' 'libcap2' 'libcap2-32bit' 'libcapi20-2' 'libcapi20-2-32bit' 'libcapi20-3' 'libcapi20-3-32bit' 'libcapifax-devel' 'libcapifax0' 'libcapifax0-debuginfo' 'libcares-devel' 'libcares2' 'libcares2-32bit' 'libcaribou0' 'libcblas3' 'libcblas3-32bit' 'libccaudio2-1_0-0' 'libccaudio2-1_0-0-32bit' 'libccolamd-2_9_1' 'libccrtp3' 'libccscript3-1_1-0' 'libcdata-devel' 'libcdata1' 'libcdatetime-devel' 'libcdatetime1' 'libcdaudio-devel' 'libcdaudio1' 'libcdaudio1-32bit' 'libcdd0' 'libcdda_interface0' 'libcdda_interface0-32bit' 'libcdda_paranoia0' 'libcdda_paranoia0-32bit' 'libcddb-devel' 'libcddb-utils' 'libcddb2' 'libcddb2-32bit' 'libcdio++0' 'libcdio++0-32bit' 'libcdio-devel' 'libcdio-paranoia-devel' 'libcdio16' 'libcdio16-32bit' 'libcdio_cdda2' 'libcdio_cdda2-32bit' 'libcdio_paranoia2' 'libcdio_paranoia2-32bit' 'libcdirectory-devel' 'libcdirectory1' 'libcdk5' 'libcdr' 'libcdr-0_1-1' 'libcdr-devel' 'libcdr-devel-doc' 'libcdr-tools' 'libcec' 'libcec-debugsource' 'libcec-devel' 'libcec3' 'libcec4' 'libcec4-debuginfo' 'libcelt-devel' 'libcelt0-2' 'libcelt0-2-32bit' 'libcelt051-0' 'libcephfs-devel' 'libcephfs2' 'libcerf-devel' 'libcerf1' 'libcerror-devel' 'libcerror1' 'libcetcd0' 'libcfile-devel' 'libcfile1' 'libcfitsio5' 'libcgroup-devel' 'libcgroup-tools' 'libcgroup1' 'libcgroup1-32bit' 'libchamplain-0_12-0' 'libchamplain-devel' 'libchardet-devel' 'libchardet1' 'libchardet1-32bit' 'libchck0' 'libcheck0' 'libcheck0-32bit' 'libcheese-common' 'libcheese-gtk25' 'libcheese8' 'libchewing-devel' 'libchewing3' 'libchewing3-32bit' 'libchipcard' 'libchipcard-devel' 'libchipcard6' 'libchm0' 'libchm0-32bit' 'libcholmod-3_0_6' 'libchromaprint-devel' 'libchromaprint1' 'libchromaprint1-32bit' 'libchromaprint1-debuginfo' 'libcilkrts5' 'libcilkrts5-32bit' 'libcilkrts5-gcc5' 'libcilkrts5-gcc5-32bit' 'libcilkrts5-gcc6' 'libcilkrts5-gcc6-32bit' 'libcinnamon-control-center1' 'libcinnamon-desktop-data' 'libcinnamon-desktop-data-branding-openSUSE' 'libcinnamon-desktop-data-branding-upstream' 'libcinnamon-desktop-devel' 'libcinnamon-desktop-lang' 'libcinnamon-desktop4' 'libcinnamon-desktop4-32bit' 'libcinnamon-menu-3-0' 'libcinnamon-menu-3-0-32bit' 'libcinnamon-menu-3-devel' 'libcjs0' 'libcjs0-32bit' 'libclang' 'libclang-32bit' 'libclastfm-devel' 'libclastfm0' 'libclaw-devel' 'libclaw-doc' 'libclaw1' 'libclc' 'libcld2-0' 'libclocale-devel' 'libclocale1' 'libcloog-isl4' 'libcloog-isl4-32bit' 'libclucene-contribs-lib1' 'libclucene-core1' 'libclucene-core1-32bit' 'libclucene-shared1' 'libclucene-shared1-32bit' 'libclucene-unstable-devel' 'libclucene-unstable-devel-static' 'libclucene-unstable1' 'libclucene-unstable1-debuginfo' 'libclutter-1_0-0' 'libclutter-1_0-0-32bit' 'libclutter-gst-2_0-0' 'libclutter-gst-2_0-0-32bit' 'libclutter-gst-3_0-0' 'libclutter-gst-3_0-0-32bit' 'libclutter-gtk-1_0-0' 'libclutter-gtk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libcmark0_27_1' 'libcmis-0_5-5' 'libcmis-c-0_5-5' 'libcmis-c-devel' 'libcmis-devel' 'libcmocka-devel' 'libcmocka-devel-32bit' 'libcmocka-devel-static' 'libcmocka0' 'libcmocka0-32bit' 'libcmpiCppImpl0' 'libcmpiutil' 'libcmpiutil-devel' 'libcmuclmtk-devel' 'libcmuclmtk0' 'libcnotify-devel' 'libcnotify1' 'libcodec2-0_6' 'libcogl-gles2-20' 'libcogl-pango20' 'libcogl-pango20-32bit' 'libcogl20' 'libcogl20-32bit' 'libcolamd-2_9_1' 'libcollectdclient-devel' 'libcollectdclient1' 'libcollection-devel' 'libcollection-devel-32bit' 'libcollection4' 'libcollection4-32bit' 'libcolm-0_13_0_3' 'libcolorblind0' 'libcolord-devel' 'libcolord-gtk-devel' 'libcolord-gtk1' 'libcolord-gtk1-32bit' 'libcolord2' 'libcolord2-32bit' 'libcolorhug2' 'libcom_err-devel' 'libcom_err-devel-32bit' 'libcom_err2' 'libcom_err2-32bit' 'libcommoncpp2-1_8-0' 'libcompizconfig' 'libcompizconfig-devel' 'libconfig++-devel' 'libconfig++9' 'libconfig++9-32bit' 'libconfig-devel' 'libconfig9' 'libconfig9-32bit' 'libconfuse-devel' 'libconfuse0' 'libconfuse0-lang' 'libcorosync-devel' 'libcorosync4' 'libcorosync4-32bit' 'libcourier-unicode1' 'libcpath-devel' 'libcpath1' 'libcppdb0' 'libcppdb_mysql0' 'libcppdb_odbc0' 'libcppdb_postgresql0' 'libcppdb_sqlite3-0' 'libcpprest2_6' 'libcppunit-1_13-0' 'libcppunit-1_13-0-32bit' 'libcppunit-1_14-0' 'libcppunit-1_14-0-32bit' 'libcpuid-devel' 'libcpuid-tools' 'libcpuid14' 'libcpupower0' 'libcpuset-devel' 'libcpuset1' 'libcrack2' 'libcrack2-32bit' 'libcreaterepo_c-devel' 'libcreaterepo_c0' 'libcriu1' 'libcroco' 'libcroco-0_6-3' 'libcroco-0_6-3-32bit' 'libcroco-devel' 'libcryptmount-devel' 'libcryptmount0' 'libcryptmount0-32bit' 'libcrypto41' 'libcrypto41-32bit' 'libcryptopp-5_6_2-0' 'libcryptopp-5_6_2-0-32bit' 'libcryptopp-devel' 'libcryptopp-devel-static' 'libcryptsetup-devel' 'libcryptsetup4' 'libcryptsetup4-32bit' 'libcryptsetup4-hmac' 'libcryptsetup4-hmac-32bit' 'libcryptui-data' 'libcryptui-devel' 'libcryptui-lang' 'libcryptui0' 'libcrystalhd-devel' 'libcrystalhd-devel-32bit' 'libcrystalhd3' 'libcrystalhd3-32bit' 'libcsparsever-3_1_4' 'libcsplit-devel' 'libcsplit1' 'libcss-devel' 'libcss0' 'libcstring-devel' 'libcstring1' 'libcsv-devel' 'libcsv3' 'libcsync-devel' 'libcsync-devel-doc' 'libcsync-doc' 'libcsync-plugin-owncloud' 'libcsync-plugin-sftp' 'libcsync-plugin-smb' 'libcsync0' 'libcsync0-32bit' 'libcsystem-devel' 'libcsystem1' 'libctemplate-devel' 'libctemplate3' 'libcthreads-devel' 'libcthreads1' 'libctl-devel' 'libctl-doc' 'libctl5' 'libcudd0' 'libcue-devel' 'libcue1' 'libcunit1' 'libcurl-devel' 'libcurl-devel-32bit' 'libcurl4' 'libcurl4-32bit' 'libcvc-devel' 'libcvc0' 'libcwiid-devel' 'libcwiid-devel-32bit' 'libcwiid1' 'libcwiid1-32bit' 'libcwnn0' 'libcxsc2' 'libcxsparse-3_1_4' 'libcxx-gtk-utils-3-2_2-0' 'libcxx-gtk-utils-3-devel' 'libcxxtools-bin9' 'libcxxtools-http9' 'libcxxtools-json9' 'libcxxtools-unit9' 'libcxxtools-xmlrpc9' 'libcxxtools9' 'libczmq3' 'libd0_blind_id0' 'libd0_rijndael0' 'libdSFMT2_2' 'libdaemon-devel' 'libdaemon0' 'libdar-devel' 'libdar5000' 'libdat2-2' 'libdat2-2-32bit' 'libdataquay-devel' 'libdataquay0' 'libdatrie-devel' 'libdatrie1' 'libdatrie1-32bit' 'libdb-4_5' 'libdb-4_5' 'libdb-4_5-32bit' 'libdb-4_5-devel' 'libdb-4_5-devel-32bit' 'libdb-4_8' 'libdb-4_8' 'libdb-4_8-32bit' 'libdb-4_8-devel' 'libdb-4_8-devel-32bit' 'libdb_java-4_5' 'libdb_java-4_5' 'libdb_java-4_5-devel' 'libdb_java-4_8' 'libdb_java-4_8' 'libdb_java-4_8-devel' 'libdbevolution0' 'libdbevolution0-debuginfo' 'libdbh2' 'libdbi-devel' 'libdbi-devel-32bit' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-freetds' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-mysql' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-pgsql' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-sqlite' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-sqlite3' 'libdbi3' 'libdbi3-32bit' 'libdbus-1-3' 'libdbus-1-3-32bit' 'libdbus-1-qt3-0' 'libdbus-1-qt3-0-32bit' 'libdbus-1-qt3-0-devel' 'libdbus-c++-1-0' 'libdbus-c++-1-0-32bit' 'libdbus-c++-devel' 'libdbus-c++-glib-1-0' 'libdbus-c++-glib-1-0-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-glib-devel' 'libdbusmenu-glib-doc' 'libdbusmenu-glib4' 'libdbusmenu-gtk-devel' 'libdbusmenu-gtk-doc' 'libdbusmenu-gtk3-4' 'libdbusmenu-gtk3-devel' 'libdbusmenu-gtk4' 'libdbusmenu-jsonloader-devel' 'libdbusmenu-jsonloader4' 'libdbusmenu-qt-devel' 'libdbusmenu-qt2' 'libdbusmenu-qt2-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-2' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-2-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-devel' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-devel-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-tools' 'libdc1394' 'libdc1394-22' 'libdc1394-22-32bit' 'libdc1394-devel' 'libdca-devel' 'libdca0' 'libdca0-32bit' 'libdca0-debuginfo' 'libdca0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libdcadec-devel' 'libdcadec0' 'libdcadec0-32bit' 'libdcadec0-debuginfo' 'libdcadec0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libdcaenc-devel' 'libdcaenc0' 'libdcaenc0-debuginfo' 'libdccore0' 'libdccore0-debuginfo' 'libdcerpc-binding0' 'libdcerpc-binding0-32bit' 'libdcerpc-devel' 'libdcerpc-samr-devel' 'libdcerpc-samr0' 'libdcerpc-samr0-32bit' 'libdcerpc0' 'libdcerpc0-32bit' 'libdcmtk3_6' 'libdconf1' 'libdconf1-32bit' 'libdcwebservice0' 'libdcwebservice0-debuginfo' 'libddccontrol0' 'libdecoration0' 'libdecoration0-32bit' 'libdee-1_0-4' 'libdevil-tools' 'libdhash-devel' 'libdhash-devel-32bit' 'libdhash1' 'libdhash1-32bit' 'libdialog11' 'libdigikamcore5' 'libdirac_decoder0' 'libdirac_decoder0-32bit' 'libdirac_encoder0' 'libdirac_encoder0-32bit' 'libdirectfb-1_7-1' 'libdirectfb-1_7-1-32bit' 'libdiscid-devel' 'libdiscid0' 'libdiscid0-32bit' 'libdjconsole' 'libdjconsole-debugsource' 'libdjconsole-devel' 'libdjconsole0' 'libdjconsole0-debuginfo' 'libdjvulibre-devel' 'libdjvulibre21' 'libdleyna-core-1_0-4' 'libdlm' 'libdlm-devel' 'libdlm3' 'libdm0' 'libdm0-32bit' 'libdmapsharing-3_0-2' 'libdmapsharing-3_0-2-32bit' 'libdmapsharing-devel' 'libdmmp-devel' 'libdmmp0_1_0' 'libdmtx-devel' 'libdmtx0' 'libdmtx0-32bit' 'libdmx-devel' 'libdmx-devel-32bit' 'libdmx1' 'libdmx1-32bit' 'libdnet-devel' 'libdnet1' 'libdns_sd' 'libdns_sd-32bit' 'libdolphinvcs5' 'libdotconf0' 'libdouble-conversion1' 'libdriveio0' 'libdrm-devel' 'libdrm-devel-32bit' 'libdrm-tools' 'libdrm2' 'libdrm2-32bit' 'libdrm_amdgpu1' 'libdrm_amdgpu1-32bit' 'libdrm_intel1' 'libdrm_intel1-32bit' 'libdrm_nouveau2' 'libdrm_nouveau2-32bit' 'libdrm_radeon1' 'libdrm_radeon1-32bit' 'libdrumstick-alsa1' 'libdrumstick-devel' 'libdrumstick-doc' 'libdrumstick-file1' 'libdtkbase-devel' 'libdtkbase1' 'libdtkutil-devel' 'libdtkutil1' 'libdtkwidget-devel' 'libdtkwidget1' 'libdui-devel' 'libdui1' 'libdv' 'libdv-devel' 'libdv4' 'libdv4-32bit' 'libdvbpsi-0-devel' 'libdvbpsi-devel' 'libdvbpsi10' 'libdvbpsi10-32bit' 'libdvbpsi7' 'libdvbpsi7-32bit' 'libdvbv5-0' 'libdvbv5-0-32bit' 'libdvbv5-0-lang' 'libdvbv5-devel' 'libdvdnav-devel' 'libdvdnav4' 'libdvdnav4-32bit' 'libdvdplay-devel' 'libdvdplay0' 'libdvdplay0' 'libdvdplay0-debuginfo' 'libdvdplay0-debugsource' 'libdvdread-devel' 'libdvdread3' 'libdvdread3' 'libdvdread3-debuginfo' 'libdvdread3-debugsource' 'libdvdread3-devel' 'libdvdread4' 'libdvdread4-32bit' 'libdw-devel' 'libdw1' 'libdw1-32bit' 'libdwarf' 'libdwarf-devel' 'libdwarf-doc' 'libdwarf-tools' 'libdwarves-devel' 'libdwarves-devel-32bit' 'libdwarves1' 'libdwarves1-32bit' 'libdxflib1' 'libdxfrw-devel' 'libdxfrw-tools' 'libdxfrw0' 'libe-book-0_1-1' 'libe-book-devel' 'libe-book-devel-doc' 'libe-book-tools' 'libeXosip2' 'libeXosip2-11' 'libeXosip2-devel' 'libeb16' 'libebackend-1_2-10' 'libebackend-1_2-10-32bit' 'libebl-devel' 'libebl1' 'libebl1-32bit' 'libebml' 'libebml-devel' 'libebml4' 'libebml4-32bit' 'libebook-1_2-16' 'libebook-1_2-16-32bit' 'libebook-contacts-1_2-2' 'libebook-contacts-1_2-2-32bit' 'libebur128-1' 'libebur128-1-debuginfo' 'libebur128-devel' 'libecal-1_2-19' 'libecal-1_2-19-32bit' 'libecasound-devel' 'libechonest-devel' 'libechonest-qt5-devel' 'libechonest2_3' 'libechonest2_3-32bit' 'libechonest5-2_3' 'libechonest5-2_3-32bit' 'libecm0' 'libecore1' 'libecpg6' 'libecpg6-32bit' 'libector1' 'libedata-book-1_2-25' 'libedata-book-1_2-25-32bit' 'libedata-cal-1_2-28' 'libedata-cal-1_2-28-32bit' 'libedataserver-1_2-21' 'libedataserver-1_2-21-32bit' 'libedataserver-1_2-22' 'libedataserver-1_2-22-32bit' 'libedataserverui-1_2-1' 'libedataserverui-1_2-1-32bit' 'libedit-devel' 'libedit0' 'libedit0-32bit' 'libeditorconfig-devel' 'libeditorconfig-devel-32bit' 'libeditorconfig0' 'libeditorconfig0-32bit' 'libedje1' 'libee-devel' 'libee0' 'libeet1' 'libeews-1_2-0' 'libeeze1' 'libefivar1' 'libefl1' 'libefreet1' 'libefreet_mime1' 'libefreet_trash1' 'libegbb3' 'libegbb3' 'libegbb3-debuginfo' 'libegbb3-debugsource' 'libegbb3-devel' 'libeigen2-devel' 'libeina1' 'libeio1' 'libeldbus1' 'libelektra-augeas' 'libelektra-devel' 'libelektra-devel-doc' 'libelektra4' 'libelf-devel' 'libelf-devel-32bit' 'libelf0' 'libelf0-32bit' 'libelf0-devel' 'libelf1' 'libelf1-32bit' 'libell0' 'libelocation1' 'libelpa2' 'libelua1' 'libembryo1' 'libemile1' 'libemotion1' 'libenca0' 'libenca0-32bit' 'libenchant1' 'libenchant1-32bit' 'libenet7' 'libeo1' 'libeolian1' 'libeot-devel' 'libeot-tools' 'libeot0' 'libepc-1_0-2' 'libepc-devel' 'libepc-lang' 'libephysics1' 'libepoxy-devel' 'libepoxy0' 'libepoxy0-32bit' 'libeppic-devel' 'libepub-devel' 'libepub0' 'libepub0-32bit' 'libepubgen' 'libepubgen-0_0-0' 'libepubgen-devel' 'libepubgen-devel-doc' 'libequalizer180' 'libequalizer180-debuginfo' 'liberasurecode-devel' 'liberasurecode1' 'liberation-fonts' 'liberation2-fonts' 'liberfa1' 'libesd-devel' 'libesd0' 'libesd0-32bit' 'libesedb-devel' 'libesedb-tools' 'libesedb1' 'libesmtp' 'libesmtp-devel' 'libestr-devel' 'libestr0' 'libethumb1' 'libethumb_client1' 'libetonyek' 'libetonyek-0_1-1' 'libetonyek-devel' 'libetonyek-devel-doc' 'libetonyek-tools' 'libetpan' 'libetpan-devel' 'libetpan17' 'libetrophy0' 'libev-devel' 'libev4' 'libev4-32bit' 'libevas1' 'libevdev-devel' 'libevdev-tools' 'libevdev2' 'libevdev2-32bit' 'libevdocument3-4' 'libevemu3' 'libevent' 'libevent-2_0-5' 'libevent-2_0-5-32bit' 'libevent-devel' 'libevt-devel' 'libevt-tools' 'libevt1' 'libevtlog-devel' 'libevtlog0' 'libevtx-devel' 'libevtx-tools' 'libevtx1' 'libevview3-3' 'libewf-devel' 'libewf-tools' 'libewf2' 'libewsutils0' 'libexe-devel' 'libexe-tools' 'libexe1' 'libexempi-devel' 'libexempi3' 'libexempi3-32bit' 'libexif' 'libexif-devel' 'libexif-gtk' 'libexif-gtk-devel' 'libexif-gtk5' 'libexif12' 'libexif12-32bit' 'libexiv2-14' 'libexiv2-14-32bit' 'libexiv2-devel' 'libexo-1-0' 'libexo-1-0-branding-openSUSE' 'libexo-1-0-branding-upstream' 'libexoIIv2c-5_14_0' 'libexoIIv2for-5_14_0' 'libexpat-devel' 'libexpat-devel-32bit' 'libexpat0' 'libexpat0-32bit' 'libexpat1' 'libexpat1-32bit' 'libexplain-devel' 'libexplain51' 'libext2fs-devel' 'libext2fs-devel-32bit' 'libext2fs2' 'libext2fs2-32bit' 'libextractor-devel' 'libextractor3' 'libextractor3-debuginfo' 'libextractor_common1' 'libextractor_common1-debuginfo' 'libexttextcat' 'libexttextcat-2_0-0' 'libexttextcat-devel' 'libexttextcat-tools' 'libf2fs1' 'libf2fs_format0' 'libf95getdata2' 'libfaac-devel' 'libfaac0' 'libfaac0-32bit' 'libfaac0-debuginfo' 'libfaac0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libfaad-devel' 'libfaad2' 'libfaad2-32bit' 'libfaad2-debuginfo' 'libfaad2-debuginfo-32bit' 'libfabric' 'libfabric-devel' 'libfabric1' 'libfakekey-devel' 'libfakekey0' 'libfaketime' 'libfallocate-devel' 'libfallocate-devel-static' 'libfallocate0' 'libfam0-gamin' 'libfam0-gamin-32bit' 'libfame-0_9-1' 'libfame-0_9-1' 'libfame-0_9-1-debuginfo' 'libfame-0_9-1-debugsource' 'libfame-devel' 'libfann-devel' 'libfann2' 'libfarstream-0_1-0' 'libfarstream-0_1-0-debuginfo' 'libfarstream-0_2-5' 'libfarstream-0_2-5-32bit' 'libfastjet0' 'libfastjson-devel' 'libfastjson4' 'libfaxutil5_5_8' 'libfaxutil5_5_9' 'libfbclient2' 'libfbclient2-32bit' 'libfbclient2-devel' 'libfbembed-devel' 'libfbembed2_5' 'libfcache-devel' 'libfcache1' 'libfcitx-4_2_9' 'libfcitx-4_2_9-32bit' 'libfdata-devel' 'libfdata1' 'libfdatetime-devel' 'libfdatetime1' 'libfdisk-devel' 'libfdisk-devel-static' 'libfdisk1' 'libfdk-aac1' 'libfdk-aac1-32bit' 'libfdk-aac1-debuginfo' 'libfdk-aac1-debuginfo-32bit' 'libfdt-devel' 'libfdt-devel-32bit' 'libfdt1' 'libfdt1-32bit' 'libffado-devel' 'libffado2' 'libffado2-32bit' 'libffi-devel-gcc5' 'libffi-devel-gcc5-32bit' 'libffi4' 'libffi4-32bit' 'libffi4-gcc48' 'libffi4-gcc48-32bit' 'libffi48' 'libffi48-devel' 'libffi48-devel-32bit' 'libffmpegthumbnailer-devel' 'libffmpegthumbnailer4' 'libffmpegthumbnailer4-debuginfo' 'libffms2-4' 'libffms2-4-32bit' 'libffms2-4-debuginfo' 'libffms2-4-debuginfo-32bit' 'libffms2-devel' 'libfftw3-3' 'libfftw3-3-32bit' 'libfftw3_mpi3' 'libfftw3_mpi3-32bit' 'libfftw3_omp3' 'libfftw3_omp3-32bit' 'libfftw3_threads3' 'libfftw3_threads3-32bit' 'libfgetdata2' 'libfguid-devel' 'libfguid1' 'libfifechan0_1_4' 'libfifechan_allegro0_1_4' 'libfifechan_irrlicht0_1_4' 'libfifechan_opengl0_1_4' 'libfifechan_sdl0_1_4' 'libfilezilla-devel' 'libfilezilla0' 'libfipscheck1' 'libfipscheck1-32bit' 'libfishsound' 'libfishsound-debugsource' 'libfishsound-devel' 'libfishsound1' 'libfishsound1-debuginfo' 'libfityk4' 'libflatpak0' 'libfli-devel' 'libfli1' 'libflickcurl-devel' 'libflickcurl0' 'libflickcurl0-32bit' 'libflint0' 'libfltk1' 'libfltk1-32bit' 'libfluidsynth1' 'libfluidsynth1-32bit' 'libfm' 'libfm-devel' 'libfm-doc' 'libfm-extra-devel' 'libfm-extra4' 'libfm-gtk-devel' 'libfm-gtk4' 'libfm-lang' 'libfm-qt-devel' 'libfm-qt-lang' 'libfm-qt3' 'libfm4' 'libfmapi-devel' 'libfmapi1' 'libfole-devel' 'libfole1' 'libfolks-data' 'libfolks-eds25' 'libfolks-telepathy25' 'libfolks-tracker25' 'libfolks25' 'libfont-specimen0' 'libfontenc-devel' 'libfontenc-devel-32bit' 'libfontenc1' 'libfontenc1-32bit' 'libfonts' 'libfonts-javadoc' 'libformula' 'libformula-javadoc' 'libfparser-4_5_2' 'libfplll-devel' 'libfplll0' 'libfpm_pb0' 'libfprint-devel' 'libfprint-examples' 'libfprint0' 'libfprint0-32bit' 'libframe6' 'libfreebl3' 'libfreebl3-32bit' 'libfreefare-devel' 'libfreefare-tools' 'libfreefare0' 'libfreehand-0_1-1' 'libfreehand-devel' 'libfreehand-devel-doc' 'libfreehand-tools' 'libfreeimage3' 'libfreeimageplus3' 'libfreerdp2' 'libfreetds' 'libfreetype6' 'libfreetype6-32bit' 'libfreexl1' 'libfsntfs-devel' 'libfsntfs-tools' 'libfsntfs1' 'libfstrm0' 'libftdi1' 'libftdi1-binding-python' 'libftdi1-devel' 'libftgl2' 'libftgl2-32bit' 'libfunambol-devel' 'libfunambol9' 'libfuse2' 'libfuse2-32bit' 'libfuzzy-devel' 'libfuzzy2' 'libfvalue-devel' 'libfvalue1' 'libfvde-devel' 'libfvde-tools' 'libfvde1' 'libfwevt-devel' 'libfwevt1' 'libfwnt-devel' 'libfwnt1' 'libfwsi-devel' 'libfwsi1' 'libfwup0' 'libgadu-devel' 'libgadu3' 'libgames-support-devel' 'libgames-support-lang' 'libgames-support2' 'libgamin-1-0' 'libgamin-1-0-32bit' 'libgaminggear' 'libgaminggear-devel' 'libgaminggear-lang' 'libgaminggear0' 'libgaminggearfx0' 'libgaminggearwidget0' 'libgarcon-1-0' 'libgarcon-branding-openSUSE' 'libgarcon-branding-upstream' 'libgarcon-data' 'libgarcon-devel' 'libgarcon-doc' 'libgarcon-lang' 'libgasnet-1_28_2' 'libgavl-devel' 'libgavl1' 'libgbm-devel' 'libgbm-devel-32bit' 'libgbm1' 'libgbm1-32bit' 'libgc1' 'libgcab-1_0-0' 'libgcc_s1' 'libgcc_s1-32bit' 'libgcc_s1-gcc48' 'libgcc_s1-gcc48-32bit' 'libgcc_s1-gcc5' 'libgcc_s1-gcc5-32bit' 'libgcc_s1-gcc6' 'libgcc_s1-gcc6-32bit' 'libgcin-im-client1' 'libgcin-im-client1-32bit' 'libgcj-devel' 'libgcj48' 'libgcj48' 'libgcj48-32bit' 'libgcj48-devel' 'libgcj48-devel-32bit' 'libgcj48-jar' 'libgcj_bc1' 'libgck-1-0' 'libgck-1-0-32bit' 'libgck-devel' 'libgck-devel-32bit' 'libgck-modules-gnome-keyring' 'libgconfmm-2_6-1' 'libgcr-3-1' 'libgcr-3-1-32bit' 'libgcr-devel' 'libgcr-devel-32bit' 'libgcrypt' 'libgcrypt-cavs' 'libgcrypt-devel' 'libgcrypt-devel-32bit' 'libgcrypt20' 'libgcrypt20-32bit' 'libgcrypt20-hmac' 'libgcrypt20-hmac-32bit' 'libgda-5_0-4' 'libgda-5_0-4-lang' 'libgda-5_0-bdb' 'libgda-5_0-devel' 'libgda-5_0-doc' 'libgda-5_0-firebird' 'libgda-5_0-jdbc' 'libgda-5_0-ldap' 'libgda-5_0-mdb' 'libgda-5_0-mysql' 'libgda-5_0-postgres' 'libgda-5_0-sqlcipher' 'libgda-5_0-sqlite' 'libgda-5_0-tools' 'libgda-5_0-web' 'libgda-report-5_0-4' 'libgda-tools' 'libgda-ui-5_0-4' 'libgda-ui-5_0-plugins' 'libgda-ui-5_0-tools' 'libgda-xslt-5_0-4' 'libgdal20' 'libgdata-devel' 'libgdata-lang' 'libgdata22' 'libgdata22-32bit' 'libgdbm4' 'libgdbm4-32bit' 'libgdict-1_0-10' 'libgdict-data' 'libgdict-devel' 'libgdiplus-devel' 'libgdiplus0' 'libgdk_pixbuf-2_0-0' 'libgdk_pixbuf-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgdl-3-5' 'libgdlmm-3_0-2' 'libgdm1' 'libgeany0' 'libgeda-devel' 'libgeda42' 'libgeda42-data' 'libgee-0_8-2' 'libgee-0_8-2-32bit' 'libgee-devel' 'libgee06-devel' 'libgee2' 'libgegl-0_2-0' 'libgegl-0_3-0' 'libgeis1' 'libgeis1-32bit' 'libgeoclue-devel' 'libgeoclue0' 'libgeoclue0-32bit' 'libgeocode-glib0' 'libgeocode-glib0-32bit' 'libgeotiff2' 'libgerbv1' 'libges-1_0-0' 'libgetdata++3' 'libgetdata5' 'libgexiv2-2' 'libgexiv2-devel' 'libgf2x1' 'libgfan-0_5' 'libgfan-devel' 'libgfapi0' 'libgfbgraph-0_2-0' 'libgfchangelog0' 'libgfortran3' 'libgfortran3-32bit' 'libgfortran3-gcc48' 'libgfortran3-gcc48-32bit' 'libgfortran3-gcc5' 'libgfortran3-gcc5-32bit' 'libgfortran4' 'libgfortran4-32bit' 'libgfrpc0' 'libgfxdr0' 'libggz2' 'libggz2-devel' 'libgiblib1' 'libgif6' 'libgif6-32bit' 'libgig' 'libgig-debugsource' 'libgig-devel' 'libgig-devel-debuginfo' 'libgig-tools' 'libgig-tools-debuginfo' 'libgig7' 'libgig7-debuginfo' 'libgimp-2_0-0' 'libgimp-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgimpui-2_0-0' 'libgimpui-2_0-0-32bit' 'libginac-devel' 'libginac5' 'libgio-2_0-0' 'libgio-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgio-fam' 'libgio-fam-32bit' 'libgiomm-2_4-1' 'libgiomm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libgirara-gtk3-2' 'libgirepository-1_0-1' 'libgirepository-1_0-1-32bit' 'libgit2-24' 'libgit2-24-32bit' 'libgit2-devel' 'libgit2-glib-1_0-0' 'libgit2-glib-devel' 'libgitg-1_0-0' 'libgitg-devel' 'libgitg-ext-1_0-0' 'libgivaro0' 'libgjs-devel' 'libgjs0' 'libgl2ps1' 'libglade-2_0-0' 'libglade-2_0-0-32bit' 'libglade2-devel' 'libglade2-doc' 'libglademm' 'libglademm-2_4-1' 'libglademm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libglademm-devel' 'libgladeui-1-11' 'libgladeui-1-devel' 'libgladeui-2-6' 'libgladeui-2-devel' 'libgle-devel' 'libgle3' 'libglfw-devel' 'libglfw2' 'libglfw3' 'libglib-2_0-0' 'libglib-2_0-0-32bit' 'libglibmm-2_4-1' 'libglibmm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libglog0' 'libgloox15' 'libgloox15-32bit' 'libgloox15-debuginfo' 'libglpk36' 'libgltf' 'libgltf-0_0-0' 'libgltf-0_1-1' 'libgltf-devel' 'libglue-devel' 'libglue-devel-32bit' 'libglue2' 'libglue2-32bit' 'libglusterfs0' 'libglut3' 'libglut3-32bit' 'libglyr1' 'libglyr1-32bit' 'libgme-devel' 'libgme0' 'libgme0-32bit' 'libgmerlin-devel' 'libgmerlin0' 'libgmerlin0-debuginfo' 'libgmerlin_avdec-devel' 'libgmerlin_avdec1' 'libgmerlin_avdec1-debuginfo' 'libgmerlin_gtk-devel' 'libgmerlin_gtk0' 'libgmerlin_gtk0-debuginfo' 'libgmime-2_6-0' 'libgmm++-devel' 'libgmodule-2_0-0' 'libgmodule-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgmp10' 'libgmp10-32bit' 'libgmpxx4' 'libgmpxx4-32bit' 'libgnome' 'libgnome-32bit' 'libgnome-autoar-0-0' 'libgnome-autoar-gtk-0-0' 'libgnome-bluetooth13' 'libgnome-desktop-2-17' 'libgnome-desktop-2-17-32bit' 'libgnome-desktop-2-devel' 'libgnome-desktop-3-12' 'libgnome-desktop-3-12-32bit' 'libgnome-desktop-3-devel' 'libgnome-desktop-3_0-common' 'libgnome-devel' 'libgnome-keyring-devel' 'libgnome-keyring-lang' 'libgnome-keyring0' 'libgnome-keyring0-32bit' 'libgnome-lang' 'libgnome-menu-3-0' 'libgnome-menu-3-0-32bit' 'libgnomecanvas-2-0' 'libgnomecanvas-2-0-32bit' 'libgnomecanvas-devel' 'libgnomecanvas-lang' 'libgnomecups' 'libgnomecups-32bit' 'libgnomecups-devel' 'libgnomecups-lang' 'libgnomekbd' 'libgnomekbd-devel' 'libgnomekbd-lang' 'libgnomeprint' 'libgnomeprint-32bit' 'libgnomeprint-devel' 'libgnomeprint-doc' 'libgnomeprint-lang' 'libgnomeprintui' 'libgnomeprintui-32bit' 'libgnomeprintui-devel' 'libgnomeprintui-doc' 'libgnomeprintui-lang' 'libgnomesu' 'libgnomesu-devel' 'libgnomesu-lang' 'libgnomesu0' 'libgnomeui' 'libgnomeui-32bit' 'libgnomeui-devel' 'libgnomeui-doc' 'libgnomeui-lang' 'libgnunet' 'libgnunet-debuginfo' 'libgnuradio-3_7_10-0_0_0' 'libgnutls-devel' 'libgnutls-devel-32bit' 'libgnutls-openssl-devel' 'libgnutls-openssl27' 'libgnutls28' 'libgnutls28-32bit' 'libgnutlsxx-devel' 'libgnutlsxx28' 'libgo11' 'libgo11-32bit' 'libgo7' 'libgo7-32bit' 'libgo9' 'libgo9-32bit' 'libgoa-1_0-0' 'libgoa-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgoa-backend-1_0-1' 'libgoa-backend-1_0-1-32bit' 'libgobject-2_0-0' 'libgobject-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgoffice-0_10-10' 'libgoffice-0_8-8' 'libgom-1_0-0' 'libgomp1' 'libgomp1-32bit' 'libgomp1-gcc48' 'libgomp1-gcc48-32bit' 'libgomp1-gcc5' 'libgomp1-gcc5-32bit' 'libgomp1-gcc6' 'libgomp1-gcc6-32bit' 'libgoocanvas-2_0-9' 'libgoocanvas3' 'libgoocanvas3-devel' 'libgoocanvas3-lang' 'libgoocanvasmm-2_0-6' 'libgoocanvasmm-devel' 'libgooglepinyin-devel' 'libgooglepinyin0' 'libgovirt-devel' 'libgovirt-lang' 'libgovirt2' 'libgpac-devel' 'libgpac6' 'libgpaste6' 'libgpg-error-devel' 'libgpg-error-devel-32bit' 'libgpg-error0' 'libgpg-error0-32bit' 'libgpgme-devel' 'libgpgme11' 'libgpgme11-32bit' 'libgpgmepp-devel' 'libgpgmepp6' 'libgpgmepp6-32bit' 'libgphoto2-6' 'libgphoto2-6-32bit' 'libgphoto2-6-lang' 'libgphoto2-devel' 'libgphoto2-devel-32bit' 'libgphoto2-devel-doc' 'libgphoto2-doc' 'libgpod-devel' 'libgpod-doc' 'libgpod-lang' 'libgpod-tools' 'libgpod4' 'libgpod4-32bit' 'libgps22' 'libgpusd1' 'libgpusd1-debuginfo' 'libgrail6' 'libgranite3' 'libgrantlee_core0' 'libgrantlee_gui0' 'libgraphite2-3' 'libgraphite2-3-32bit' 'libgravatar' 'libgravatar-devel' 'libgravatar-lang' 'libgrilo-0_3-0' 'libgrlnet-0_3-0' 'libgrlpls-0_3-0' 'libgromacs2' 'libgroove-devel' 'libgroove4' 'libgroove4-debuginfo' 'libgroovefingerprinter-devel' 'libgroovefingerprinter4' 'libgroovefingerprinter4-debuginfo' 'libgrooveloudness-devel' 'libgrooveloudness4' 'libgrooveloudness4-debuginfo' 'libgrooveplayer-devel' 'libgrooveplayer4' 'libgrooveplayer4-debuginfo' 'libgrss-devel' 'libgrss0' 'libgsasl-devel' 'libgsasl-lang' 'libgsasl7' 'libgsf-1-114' 'libgsf-1-114-32bit' 'libgsf-devel' 'libgsf-lang' 'libgsf-tools' 'libgsignon-glib-devel' 'libgsignon-glib-doc' 'libgsignon-glib1' 'libgsignon-glib1-32bit' 'libgsignond-common0' 'libgsignond-common0-32bit' 'libgsm-devel' 'libgsm-devel-32bit' 'libgsm-utils' 'libgsm1' 'libgsm1-32bit' 'libgsmsd7' 'libgsoap-2_8_46' 'libgsound0' 'libgspell-1-1' 'libgssdp-1_0-3' 'libgssdp-1_0-3-32bit' 'libgssdp-devel' 'libgssglue-devel' 'libgssglue1' 'libgssglue1-32bit' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstapp-0_10-0' 'libgstapp-0_10-0-32bit' 'libgstapp-0_10-0-debuginfo' 'libgstapp-1_0-0' 'libgstapp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstapp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstapp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstfft-1_0-0' 'libgstfft-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstfft-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstfft-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstgl-1_0-0' 'libgstgl-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstgl-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstgl-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstinterfaces-0_10-0' 'libgstinterfaces-0_10-0-32bit' 'libgstinterfaces-0_10-0-debuginfo' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstreamer-0_10-0' 'libgstreamer-0_10-0-32bit' 'libgstreamer-0_10-0-debuginfo' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstriff-1_0-0' 'libgstriff-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstriff-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstriff-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstrtspserver-1_0-0' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgsttag-1_0-0' 'libgsttag-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgsttag-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgsttag-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgsttranscoder-1_0-0' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstvalidate-1_0-0' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstvdpau' 'libgstvdpau-32bit' 'libgstvdpau-debuginfo' 'libgstvdpau-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstwayland-1_0-0' 'libgstwayland-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgsystem-devel' 'libgsystem0' 'libgt-devel' 'libgtbase0' 'libgtest0' 'libgthread-2_0-0' 'libgthread-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgthttp0' 'libgtk-2_0-0' 'libgtk-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgtk-3-0' 'libgtk-3-0-32bit' 'libgtk-vnc-1_0-0' 'libgtk-vnc-2_0-0' 'libgtkdatabox-0_9_1-3' 'libgtkdatabox-devel' 'libgtkglext-x11-1_0-0' 'libgtkglext-x11-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgtkhex-3-0' 'libgtkhotkey-devel' 'libgtkhotkey1' 'libgtkhtml-4_0-0' 'libgtkhtml-4_0-0-32bit' 'libgtkhtml-editor-4_0-0' 'libgtkhtml-editor-4_0-0-32bit' 'libgtkimageview0' 'libgtkmm-2_4-1' 'libgtkmm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libgtkmm-3_0-1' 'libgtkmm-3_0-1-32bit' 'libgtkpod1' 'libgtksourceview-2_0-0' 'libgtksourceview-3_0-1' 'libgtksourceviewmm-3_0-0' 'libgtkspell0' 'libgtkspell3-3-0' 'libgtop-2_0-10' 'libgtop-2_0-10-32bit' 'libgtop-devel' 'libgtop-doc' 'libgtop-lang' 'libgtpng0' 'libgtpnl-devel' 'libgtpnl0' 'libgts-0_7-5' 'libgucharmap_2_90-7' 'libgudev-1_0-0' 'libgudev-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgudev-1_0-devel' 'libguess-devel' 'libguess1' 'libguess1-32bit' 'libguestfs-devel' 'libguestfs-test' 'libguestfs0' 'libguile-2_0-22' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-1-v-3-3' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-13-14-v-3-3' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-4-v-3-3' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-60-v-2-2' 'libguile1-devel' 'libguile17' 'libguilereadline-v-17-17' 'libguilereadline-v-18-18' 'libgupnp-1_0-4' 'libgupnp-1_0-4-32bit' 'libgupnp-av-1_0-2' 'libgupnp-av-devel' 'libgupnp-devel' 'libgupnp-dlna-2_0-3' 'libgupnp-dlna-backend-gstreamer' 'libgupnp-dlna-devel' 'libgupnp-igd-1_0-4' 'libgupnp-igd-1_0-4-32bit' 'libgupnp-igd-devel' 'libgupnp-ui-1_0-0' 'libgupnp-ui-devel' 'libgusb-devel' 'libgusb2' 'libgviewaudio-2_0-2' 'libgviewaudio-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgviewencoder-2_0-2' 'libgviewencoder-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgviewrender-2_0-2' 'libgviewrender-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgviewv4l2core-2_0-2' 'libgviewv4l2core-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgvnc-1_0-0' 'libgvncpulse-1_0-0' 'libgweather-3-6' 'libgweather-3-6-32bit' 'libgweather-data' 'libgweather-devel' 'libgweather-lang' 'libgwengui-gtk2-0' 'libgwengui-qt4-0' 'libgwenhywfar60' 'libgwenhywfar60-plugins' 'libgxps-devel' 'libgxps-tools' 'libgxps2' 'libgxw0' 'libgypsy-devel' 'libgypsy0' 'libgypsy0-32bit' 'libh323-1_26_5' 'libhangul-devel' 'libhangul1' 'libhangul1-32bit' 'libharfbuzz-icu0' 'libharfbuzz-icu0-32bit' 'libharfbuzz0' 'libharfbuzz0-32bit' 'libharminv2' 'libharu-2_2_1' 'libharu-devel' 'libhavege1' 'libhbalinux2' 'libhbalinux2-devel' 'libhdf4' 'libhdf4-32bit' 'libhdf4-openmpi' 'libhdf4-openmpi-32bit' 'libhdf5-10' 'libhdf5-10-32bit' 'libhdf5-10-openmpi' 'libhdf5-10-openmpi-32bit' 'libhdf5_hl10' 'libhdf5_hl10-32bit' 'libhdf5_hl10-openmpi' 'libhdf5_hl10-openmpi-32bit' 'libhdhomerun' 'libhdhomerun-debugsource' 'libhdhomerun-devel' 'libhdhomerun1' 'libhdhomerun20150826' 'libhdhomerun20150826-debuginfo' 'libheimdal' 'libheimdal' 'libheimdal-devel' 'libhidapi-devel' 'libhidapi-hidraw0' 'libhidapi-libusb0' 'libhiredis0_12' 'libhivex0' 'libhmac-devel' 'libhmac-tools' 'libhmac1' 'libhogweed2' 'libhogweed2-32bit' 'libhowl0' 'libhttp-parser-suse0' 'libhttp-parser-suse0-32bit' 'libhttrack2' 'libhubbub-devel' 'libhubbub-doc' 'libhubbub0' 'libhugetlbfs' 'libhugetlbfs-32bit' 'libhugetlbfs-libhugetlb-devel' 'libhwloc5' 'libhwsd2' 'libhwsd2-debuginfo' 'libhydrogen-core-devel' 'libhydrogen-core0' 'libhyphen0' 'libhyphen0-32bit' 'libibcm1' 'libibcm1-32bit' 'libibdm1' 'libibmad-devel' 'libibmad-devel-32bit' 'libibmad5' 'libibmad5-32bit' 'libibnetdisc5' 'libibumad3' 'libibumad3-32bit' 'libibus-1_0-5' 'libibus-1_0-5-32bit' 'libibverbs' 'libibverbs-32bit' 'libibverbs-utils' 'libibverbs1' 'libibverbs1-32bit' 'libica-1_3_9' 'libica-1_3_9-32bit' 'libical' 'libical-devel' 'libical-devel-static' 'libical-doc' 'libical-glib-1_0-0' 'libical-glib-devel' 'libical1' 'libical1-32bit' 'libicecream-devel' 'libicns1' 'libicns1-devel' 'libicu-devel' 'libicu-devel-32bit' 'libicu-doc' 'libicu52_1' 'libicu52_1-32bit' 'libicu52_1-data' 'libid3tag' 'libid3tag-devel' 'libid3tag0' 'libid3tag0-32bit' 'libidl-devel' 'libidmef-devel' 'libidmef1' 'libidn-devel' 'libidn-tools' 'libidn11' 'libidn11-32bit' 'libidn2' 'libidn2-0' 'libidn2-0-32bit' 'libidn2-devel' 'libidn2-tools' 'libido3-0_1-0' 'libido3-0_1-0-32bit' 'libiec61883' 'libiec61883-32bit' 'libiec61883-devel' 'libieee1284' 'libieee1284-32bit' 'libieee1284-devel' 'libiksemel3' 'libilbc0' 'libimaevm0' 'libimobiledevice-devel' 'libimobiledevice6' 'libimobiledevice6-32bit' 'libindi' 'libindi-devel' 'libindi-plugins' 'libindiAlignmentDriver1' 'libindicator-devel' 'libindicator3-7' 'libindicator3-devel' 'libindicator7' 'libindidriver1' 'libinfinipath4' 'libinfinipath4-32bit' 'libinfinity-1_0-0' 'libinfinity-devel' 'libinfinity-lang' 'libini_config-devel' 'libini_config-devel-32bit' 'libini_config5' 'libini_config5-32bit' 'libiniparser-devel' 'libiniparser0' 'libiniparser0-32bit' 'libinjeqt1' 'libinotifytools0' 'libinput-devel' 'libinput-tools' 'libinput-udev' 'libinput10' 'libinput10-32bit' 'libinvm-cim1' 'libinvm-cli1' 'libinvm-i18n1' 'libiodbc-devel' 'libiodbc3' 'libipa_hbac-devel' 'libipa_hbac0' 'libiperf0' 'libipq-devel' 'libipq0' 'libipset3' 'libiptc-devel' 'libiptc0' 'libiptcdata' 'libiptcdata-devel' 'libiptcdata-doc' 'libiptcdata-lang' 'libiptcdata0' 'libircclient-devel' 'libircclient-doc' 'libircclient1' 'libirman-devel' 'libirman-utils' 'libirman0' 'libirrecord0' 'libiscsi-devel' 'libiscsi-test' 'libiscsi-utils' 'libiscsi7' 'libisds' 'libisds-devel' 'libisds5' 'libisl10' 'libisl10-32bit' 'libiso9660-10' 'libiso9660-10-32bit' 'libisoburn-devel' 'libisoburn1' 'libisofs-devel' 'libisofs6' 'libiterm-devel' 'libiterm1' 'libitm1' 'libitm1-32bit' 'libitm1-gcc48' 'libitm1-gcc48-32bit' 'libitm1-gcc5' 'libitm1-gcc5-32bit' 'libitm1-gcc6' 'libitm1-gcc6-32bit' 'libivykis0' 'libiw-devel' 'libiw30' 'libixion-0_12-0' 'libixion-devel' 'libixion-python3' 'libixion-tools' 'libixpdimm-cim01' 'libixpdimm-cli01' 'libixpdimm-core01' 'libixpdimm01' 'libjack-devel' 'libjack0' 'libjack0-32bit' 'libjackasyn' 'libjackasyn-32bit' 'libjansson-devel' 'libjansson4' 'libjansson4-32bit' 'libjasper-devel' 'libjasper1' 'libjasper1-32bit' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-1_0-0' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-3_0-0' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-3_0-0-32bit' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-4_0-18' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-4_0-18-32bit' 'libjaylink' 'libjaylink-devel' 'libjaylink0' 'libjbig-devel' 'libjbig-devel-32bit' 'libjbig2' 'libjbig2-32bit' 'libjbig2dec0' 'libjbig2dec0-32bit' 'libjd0' 'libjemalloc2' 'libjim0_75' 'libjnidispatch' 'libjoschy-devel' 'libjoschy0' 'libjoschy0-debuginfo' 'libjpeg-turbo' 'libjpeg-turbo' 'libjpeg62' 'libjpeg62-32bit' 'libjpeg62-devel' 'libjpeg62-devel-32bit' 'libjpeg62-turbo' 'libjpeg62-turbo' 'libjpeg8' 'libjpeg8-32bit' 'libjpeg8-devel' 'libjpeg8-devel-32bit' 'libjpegxr0' 'libjpgalleg-devel' 'libjpgalleg4_4' 'libjpgalleg4_4-32bit' 'libjq-devel' 'libjq1' 'libjreen-devel' 'libjreen-qt5-1' 'libjreen-qt5-devel' 'libjreen1' 'libjsmn0' 'libjson-c-devel' 'libjson-c-doc' 'libjson-c2' 'libjson-c2-32bit' 'libjson-glib-1_0-0' 'libjson-glib-1_0-0-32bit' 'libjsoncpp1' 'libjsoncpp11' 'libjsoncpp11-debuginfo' 'libjte-devel' 'libjte1' 'libjxrglue0' 'libkaccounts1' 'libkactivities-devel' 'libkactivities6' 'libkactivities6-32bit' 'libkate-devel' 'libkate-tools' 'libkate1' 'libkate1-32bit' 'libkatepartinterfaces4' 'libkcapi' 'libkcapi-devel' 'libkcapi-tools' 'libkcapi0' 'libkcarchiver0' 'libkcarchivercore0' 'libkcddb' 'libkcddb-devel' 'libkcddb-lang' 'libkcddb4' 'libkcddb4-devel' 'libkcfreebusy0' 'libkchart-lang' 'libkchl0' 'libkcicalmapi0' 'libkcinetmapi0' 'libkcmapi0' 'libkcompactdisc-devel' 'libkcompactdisc-lang' 'libkcompactdisc4' 'libkcompactdisc4-devel' 'libkcserver0' 'libkcsoap0' 'libkcssl0' 'libkcsync0' 'libkcutil0' 'libkdcraw-devel' 'libkde4' 'libkde4-32bit' 'libkde4-devel' 'libkdecoration2-devel' 'libkdecoration2-devel-32bit' 'libkdecorations2-5' 'libkdecorations2-5-32bit' 'libkdecorations2private5' 'libkdecorations2private5-32bit' 'libkdecore4' 'libkdecore4-32bit' 'libkdecore4-devel' 'libkdegames' 'libkdegames-devel' 'libkdegames-lang' 'libkdegames4' 'libkdegames4-devel' 'libkdegames6' 'libkdepim' 'libkdepim-devel' 'libkdepim-lang' 'libkdepimlibs4' 'libkdepimlibs4-32bit' 'libkdepimlibs4-devel' 'libkdevplatform10' 'libkdevplatform4-devel' 'libkdevplatform8' 'libkdstatemachineeditor_core1_2_0' 'libkdstatemachineeditor_view1_2_0' 'libkdumpfile-devel' 'libkdumpfile0' 'libkeduvocdocument-devel' 'libkeduvocdocument-lang' 'libkerfuffle17' 'libkexiv2-devel' 'libkeybinder-3_0-0' 'libkeybinder0' 'libkeyutils1' 'libkeyutils1-32bit' 'libkf5kdegames6' 'libkface' 'libkface-devel' 'libkfbapi-devel' 'libkfbapi-lang' 'libkfbapi1' 'libkgantt-lang' 'libkgapi-devel' 'libkgapi-lang' 'libkgeomap' 'libkgeomap-devel' 'libkgeomap-lang' 'libkipi-data' 'libkipi-devel' 'libkkc-devel' 'libkkc2' 'libkkc2-32bit' 'libkleo' 'libkleo-devel' 'libkleo-lang' 'libklfbackend-devel' 'libklfbackend-qt3-3_2' 'libklfbackend-qt3-devel' 'libklfbackend3_2' 'libklftools-devel' 'libklftools3_2' 'libklu-1_3_3' 'libkmahjongg' 'libkmahjongg-devel' 'libkmahjongg-lang' 'libkmahjongg4' 'libkmahjongg4-devel' 'libkmahjongglib4' 'libkmod-devel' 'libkmod2' 'libkms-devel' 'libkms-devel-32bit' 'libkms1' 'libkms1-32bit' 'libkolab-devel' 'libkolab-qt5-devel' 'libkolab0' 'libkolab1' 'libkolabxml-devel' 'libkolabxml1' 'libkomparediff2-5' 'libkomparediff2-devel' 'libkomparediff2-lang' 'libkonkretcmpi0' 'libkpathsea6' 'libkpmcore4' 'libkqoauth-devel' 'libkqoauth0' 'libkqoauth0-32bit' 'libksane-devel' 'libksane-lang' 'libksba-devel' 'libksba8' 'libkscreen' 'libkscreen-devel' 'libkscreen1' 'libkscreen2-devel' 'libkscreen2-devel-32bit' 'libkscreen2-plugin' 'libkscreen2-plugin-32bit' 'libksi-devel' 'libksi1' 'libksieve' 'libksieve-devel' 'libksieve-lang' 'libksuseinstall-devel' 'libksuseinstall1' 'libksuseinstall1-32bit' 'libksysguard5' 'libksysguard5-32bit' 'libksysguard5-devel' 'libksysguard5-devel-32bit' 'libksysguard5-helper' 'libksysguard5-lang' 'libktoblzcheck1' 'libktoblzcheck1-devel' 'libktorrent' 'libktorrent-devel' 'libktorrent6' 'libktorrent6-lang' 'libktpaccountskcminternal9' 'libkvazaar-devel' 'libkvazaar3' 'libkvazaar3-debuginfo' 'libkvkontakte-devel' 'libkvkontakte-lang' 'libkvkontakte1' 'libkwalletbackend5-5' 'libkwalletbackend5-5-32bit' 'libkwnn0' 'libkyotocabinet-devel' 'libkyotocabinet16' 'liblangtag-devel' 'liblangtag-doc' 'liblangtag1' 'liblapack3' 'liblapack3-32bit' 'liblapacke3' 'liblapacke3-32bit' 'liblasem-0_4-4' 'liblash1' 'liblash1-32bit' 'liblastfm-devel' 'liblastfm-qt5-devel' 'liblastfm1' 'liblastfm5-1' 'liblastfm5-1-32bit' 'liblastfm_fingerprint5-1' 'liblastfm_fingerprint5-1-32bit' 'liblaszip6' 'liblayout' 'liblayout-javadoc' 'liblazy-devel' 'liblazy1' 'liblazy1-32bit' 'liblbxutil-devel' 'liblbxutil-devel-32bit' 'liblbxutil1' 'liblbxutil1-32bit' 'liblcms-devel' 'liblcms-devel-32bit' 'liblcms1' 'liblcms1-32bit' 'liblcms2-2' 'liblcms2-2-32bit' 'liblcms2-devel' 'liblcms2-devel-32bit' 'liblcms2-doc' 'libldap-2_4-2' 'libldap-2_4-2-32bit' 'libldap-data' 'libldapcpp-devel' 'libldapcpp1' 'libldb-devel' 'libldb1' 'libldb1-32bit' 'libldl-2_2_1' 'libldm-1_0-0' 'libldm-1_0-0-devel' 'libldns1' 'libleechcraft-util-db0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-gui0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-models0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-network0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-qml0_6_75_2' 'libleechcraft-util-shortcuts0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-sll0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-svcauth0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-sys0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-tags0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-threads0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-x11-0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-xdg0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-xpc0_6_75_2' 'libleechcraft-util-xsd0_6_75' 'liblegion1' 'liblensfun0' 'liblept4' 'liblept4-32bit' 'libleveldb1' 'liblhasa0' 'liblibkremotecontrol1' 'liblightdm-gobject-1-0' 'liblightdm-qt-3-0' 'liblightdm-qt5-3-0' 'liblightgrep-devel' 'liblightgrep0' 'liblilv-0-0' 'liblilv-0-0-32bit' 'liblilv-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'liblilv-0-devel' 'liblinebreak-devel' 'liblinebreak2' 'liblinuxsampler-devel' 'liblinuxsampler4' 'liblinuxsampler4-debuginfo' 'liblirc0' 'liblirc0-32bit' 'liblirc_client0' 'liblirc_client0-32bit' 'liblirc_driver0' 'liblirc_driver0-32bit' 'liblittleb0' 'libliveMedia-devel' 'liblldp_clif1' 'liblldpctl4' 'liblmdb-0_9_14' 'liblmdb-0_9_14-32bit' 'liblmicclogger1' 'liblnk-devel' 'liblnk-tools' 'liblnk1' 'liblo-devel' 'liblo7' 'liblo7-32bit' 'libloader' 'libloader-javadoc' 'libloadpng-devel' 'libloadpng4_4' 'libloadpng4_4-32bit' 'liblockdev1' 'liblockdev1-32bit' 'liblog4c-devel' 'liblog4c-doc' 'liblog4c3' 'liblog4c3-32bit' 'liblog4cplus-1_1-5' 'liblog4cpp5' 'liblog4cpp5-debuginfo' 'liblog4shib-devel' 'liblog4shib1' 'liblogg-devel' 'liblogg4_4' 'liblogg4_4-32bit' 'liblogging-devel' 'liblogging0' 'liblognorm-devel' 'liblognorm5' 'libloki-devel' 'libloki-doc' 'libloki0_1_7' 'libloudmouth-1-0' 'liblouis' 'liblouis-data' 'liblouis-devel' 'liblouis-doc' 'liblouis-tools' 'liblouis9' 'liblpsolve55-0' 'liblqr-1-0' 'liblqr-1-0-32bit' 'liblqr-devel' 'liblrdf-devel' 'liblrdf2' 'liblrdf2-32bit' 'liblrzip-devel' 'liblrzip0' 'liblsan0' 'liblsan0-gcc5' 'liblsan0-gcc6' 'liblscp' 'liblscp-debugsource' 'liblscp-devel' 'liblscp6' 'liblscp6-debuginfo' 'liblsmash2' 'libltc-devel' 'libltc11' 'libltdl7' 'libltdl7-32bit' 'liblua5_1' 'liblua5_1-32bit' 'liblua5_2' 'liblua5_2-32bit' 'libluabind0_9_1' 'libluajit-5_1-2' 'liblucene++0' 'liblur3' 'liblxpanel0' 'liblxqt-devel' 'liblxqt-globalkeys-ui0' 'liblxqt-globalkeys0' 'liblxqt-lang' 'liblxqt0' 'liblz1' 'liblz4-1_4' 'liblz4-devel' 'liblzma5' 'liblzma5-32bit' 'liblzo2-2' 'liblzo2-2-32bit' 'libm17n0' 'libm17n0-32bit' 'libm4ri-0_0_20140914' 'libm4ri-devel' 'libm4rie-0_0_20140914' 'libm4rie-devel' 'libmac' 'libmac-debugsource' 'libmac-devel' 'libmac2' 'libmac2-debuginfo' 'libmad' 'libmad-debugsource' 'libmad-devel' 'libmad0' 'libmad0-32bit' 'libmad0-debuginfo' 'libmad0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmagic1' 'libmagic1-32bit' 'libmakemkv1' 'libmal-devel' 'libmal1' 'libmalaga-devel' 'libmalaga7' 'libmalaga7-32bit' 'libmapi1' 'libmapidb-devel' 'libmapidb1' 'libmarblewidget-devel' 'libmarblewidget-qt5-27' 'libmarblewidget22' 'libmarco-private1' 'libmariadb-devel' 'libmariadb2' 'libmariadb_plugins' 'libmariadbprivate' 'libmarisa0' 'libmarisa0-32bit' 'libmarkdown-devel' 'libmarkdown2' 'libmate-desktop-2-17' 'libmate-menu2' 'libmate-menu2-32bit' 'libmate-panel-applet-4-1' 'libmate-panel-applet-4-1-32bit' 'libmate-sensors-applet-plugin0' 'libmate-sensors-applet-plugin0-32bit' 'libmate-slab-devel' 'libmate-slab0' 'libmate-window-settings1' 'libmatedict-devel' 'libmatedict6' 'libmatekbd-devel' 'libmatekbd-lang' 'libmatekbd4' 'libmatekbd4-32bit' 'libmatemixer-devel' 'libmatemixer-lang' 'libmatemixer0' 'libmatemixer0-32bit' 'libmateweather-devel' 'libmateweather-lang' 'libmateweather1' 'libmateweather1-32bit' 'libmatio-devel' 'libmatio2' 'libmatroska-devel' 'libmatroska6' 'libmatroska6-32bit' 'libmaxminddb-devel' 'libmaxminddb0' 'libmaya-calendar0' 'libmbedtls9' 'libmbedtls9-32bit' 'libmbim' 'libmbim-devel' 'libmbim-glib4' 'libmcli' 'libmcli-debuginfo' 'libmcpp0' 'libmcrypt' 'libmcrypt-devel' 'libmd-devel' 'libmd0' 'libmdb2' 'libmdbsql2' 'libmeanwhile1' 'libmediaart-1_0-0' 'libmediaart-1_0-devel' 'libmediaart-2_0-0' 'libmediaart-devel' 'libmediainfo' 'libmediainfo-debugsource' 'libmediainfo-devel' 'libmediainfo0' 'libmediainfo0-32bit' 'libmediainfo0-debuginfo' 'libmediastreamer_base7' 'libmediastreamer_base7-32bit' 'libmediastreamer_base7-debuginfo' 'libmediastreamer_voip7' 'libmediastreamer_voip7-32bit' 'libmediastreamer_voip7-debuginfo' 'libmeep7' 'libmemcache-devel' 'libmemcache0' 'libmemcached' 'libmemcached-devel' 'libmemcached11' 'libmemcachedutil2' 'libmemkind0' 'libmemphis-0_2-0' 'libmenu-cache3' 'libmesode-devel' 'libmesode0' 'libmetacity-private3' 'libmetalink-devel' 'libmetalink3' 'libmetis5' 'libmgl-fltk7_4_1' 'libmgl-glut7_4_1' 'libmgl-mpi7_4_1' 'libmgl-qt4-7_4_1' 'libmgl-qt5-7_4_1' 'libmgl-wnd7_4_1' 'libmgl-wx7_4_1' 'libmgl7_4_1' 'libmhash2' 'libmicro' 'libmicrohttpd' 'libmicrohttpd-debugsource' 'libmicrohttpd-devel' 'libmicrohttpd10' 'libmicrohttpd12' 'libmicrohttpd12-debuginfo' 'libmicrospdy-devel' 'libmicrospdy0' 'libmidori-core1' 'libmidori-core1-32bit' 'libmikmod-devel' 'libmikmod3' 'libmikmod3-32bit' 'libmilter-doc' 'libmilter1_0' 'libminisat2' 'libminiupnpc-devel' 'libminiupnpc10' 'libminiupnpc10-32bit' 'libminizip1' 'libmirage-3_0' 'libmirage-data' 'libmirage-devel' 'libmirage10' 'libmisdn1' 'libmission-control-plugins0' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0-32bit' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0-debuginfo' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmjpegutils-devel' 'libmlt' 'libmlt++-devel' 'libmlt++3' 'libmlt++3-debuginfo' 'libmlt-debugsource' 'libmlt-devel' 'libmlt6' 'libmlt6-data' 'libmlt6-debuginfo' 'libmlt6-modules' 'libmlt6-modules-debuginfo' 'libmlx5-1' 'libmlx5-1-32bit' 'libmm-devel' 'libmm-glib0' 'libmm14' 'libmmbd0' 'libmms-devel' 'libmms0' 'libmms0-32bit' 'libmng-devel' 'libmng1' 'libmng1-32bit' 'libmnl-devel' 'libmnl0' 'libmnl0-32bit' 'libmodglue1' 'libmodman-devel' 'libmodman1' 'libmodman1-32bit' 'libmodplug-devel' 'libmodplug1' 'libmodplug1-32bit' 'libmono-2_0-1' 'libmono-2_0-devel' 'libmono-profiler-gui-thread-check0' 'libmono-profiler-gui-thread-check0-devel' 'libmonoboehm-2_0-1' 'libmonoboehm-2_0-devel' 'libmonosgen-2_0-1' 'libmonosgen-2_0-devel' 'libmopac7-1' 'libmopac7-1-devel' 'libmount-devel' 'libmount-devel-32bit' 'libmount-devel-static' 'libmount1' 'libmount1-32bit' 'libmovit6' 'libmovit6-debuginfo' 'libmowgli-2-0' 'libmowgli-devel' 'libmowgli2' 'libmowgli2-32bit' 'libmowgli2-devel' 'libmozjs-17_0' 'libmozjs-17_0-32bit' 'libmozjs-24' 'libmozjs-24-32bit' 'libmozjs-38' 'libmozjs-38-32bit' 'libmozjs185-1_0' 'libmozjs185-1_0-debuginfo' 'libmp3lame-devel' 'libmp3lame0' 'libmp3lame0-32bit' 'libmp3lame0-debuginfo' 'libmp3lame0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmp3splt' 'libmp3splt-debugsource' 'libmp3splt-devel' 'libmp3splt0' 'libmp3splt0-debuginfo' 'libmp3splt0-mp3' 'libmp3splt0-mp3-debuginfo' 'libmp3splt0-ogg' 'libmp3splt0-ogg-debuginfo' 'libmpc3' 'libmpc3-32bit' 'libmpcdec-devel' 'libmpcdec5' 'libmpcdec5-32bit' 'libmpd-devel' 'libmpd1' 'libmpd1-32bit' 'libmpdclient' 'libmpdclient-debugsource' 'libmpdclient-devel' 'libmpdclient2' 'libmpdclient2-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2' 'libmpeg2-0' 'libmpeg2-0-32bit' 'libmpeg2-0-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmpeg2-debugsource' 'libmpeg2-devel' 'libmpeg2convert0' 'libmpeg2convert0-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-32bit' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmpeg3-1' 'libmpeg3-1' 'libmpeg3-1-debuginfo' 'libmpeg3-1-debugsource' 'libmpeg3-devel' 'libmpeg3-utils' 'libmpeg3-utils-debuginfo' 'libmpeg4ip-devel' 'libmpeg4ip0' 'libmpeg4ip0-debuginfo' 'libmpfc-devel' 'libmpfc2' 'libmpfc2-debuginfo' 'libmpfi0' 'libmpfr4' 'libmpfr4-32bit' 'libmpg123-0' 'libmpg123-0-32bit' 'libmpg123-0-debuginfo' 'libmpg123-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmpir-devel' 'libmpir11' 'libmpirxx4' 'libmpv1' 'libmpv1-debuginfo' 'libmpx0' 'libmpx0-32bit' 'libmpx2' 'libmpx2-32bit' 'libmpx2-gcc6' 'libmpx2-gcc6-32bit' 'libmpxwrappers0' 'libmpxwrappers0-32bit' 'libmpxwrappers2' 'libmpxwrappers2-32bit' 'libmpxwrappers2-gcc6' 'libmpxwrappers2-gcc6-32bit' 'libmraa1' 'libmrss-devel' 'libmrss0' 'libmrss0-32bit' 'libmsgpackc2' 'libmsi0' 'libmsi0-debuginfo' 'libmsiecf-devel' 'libmsiecf-tools' 'libmsiecf1' 'libmsn-devel' 'libmsn0_3' 'libmspack-devel' 'libmspack0' 'libmspack0-32bit' 'libmspub-0_1-1' 'libmspub-devel' 'libmspub-devel-doc' 'libmspub-tools' 'libmtdev1' 'libmtdev1-32bit' 'libmtp-devel' 'libmtp-udev' 'libmtp9' 'libmuffin0' 'libmunge2' 'libmunge2-32bit' 'libmuparser2_2_5' 'libmuparser2_2_5-32bit' 'libmupen64plus-devel' 'libmupen64plus2' 'libmupen64plus2-debuginfo' 'libmuroar0' 'libmuroar0-debuginfo' 'libmuroard3' 'libmuroard3-debuginfo' 'libmusicbrainz-devel' 'libmusicbrainz3-6' 'libmusicbrainz3-6-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz3-devel' 'libmusicbrainz4' 'libmusicbrainz4-3' 'libmusicbrainz4-3-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz4-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz4-devel' 'libmusicbrainz5-1' 'libmusicbrainz5-1-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz5-devel' 'libmutter0' 'libmwaw-0_3-3' 'libmwaw-devel' 'libmwaw-devel-doc' 'libmwaw-tools' 'libmxml1' 'libmxml1-32bit' 'libmygpo-qt-devel' 'libmygpo-qt1' 'libmygpo-qt5-1' 'libmygpo-qt5-devel' 'libmysql56client18' 'libmysql56client18-32bit' 'libmysql56client_r18' 'libmysql56client_r18-32bit' 'libmysqlclient-devel' 'libmysqlclient18' 'libmysqlclient18-32bit' 'libmysqlclient_r18' 'libmysqlclient_r18-32bit' 'libmysqlcppconn-devel' 'libmysqlcppconn7' 'libmysqld-devel' 'libmysqld18' 'libmyth-0_27' 'libmyth-0_27-debuginfo' 'libmyth-0_27-devel' 'libmyth-0_28-0' 'libmyth-0_28-0-debuginfo' 'libmythes-1_2-0' 'libnautilus-extension1' 'libnautilus-extension1-32bit' 'libncurses5' 'libncurses5-32bit' 'libncurses6' 'libncurses6-32bit' 'libndctl-devel' 'libndctl6' 'libndp' 'libndp-devel' 'libndp0' 'libndr-devel' 'libndr-krb5pac-devel' 'libndr-krb5pac0' 'libndr-krb5pac0-32bit' 'libndr-nbt-devel' 'libndr-nbt0' 'libndr-nbt0-32bit' 'libndr-standard-devel' 'libndr-standard0' 'libndr-standard0-32bit' 'libndr0' 'libndr0-32bit' 'libneko1' 'libnemo-extension1' 'libneon-devel' 'libneon27' 'libneon27-32bit' 'libnet-devel' 'libnet-doc' 'libnet9' 'libnetapi-devel' 'libnetapi0' 'libnetapi0-32bit' 'libnetcdf7' 'libnetcdf7-32bit' 'libnetcdf_c++-devel' 'libnetcdf_c++4' 'libnetcdf_c++4-1' 'libnetcdf_c++4-devel' 'libnetcontrol-devel' 'libnetcontrol0' 'libnetcontrol0-32bit' 'libnetfilter_acct-devel' 'libnetfilter_acct1' 'libnetfilter_acct1-32bit' 'libnetfilter_conntrack-devel' 'libnetfilter_conntrack3' 'libnetfilter_conntrack3-32bit' 'libnetfilter_cthelper-devel' 'libnetfilter_cthelper0' 'libnetfilter_cthelper0-32bit' 'libnetfilter_cttimeout-devel' 'libnetfilter_cttimeout1' 'libnetfilter_cttimeout1-32bit' 'libnetfilter_log-devel' 'libnetfilter_log1' 'libnetfilter_log1-32bit' 'libnetfilter_queue-devel' 'libnetfilter_queue1' 'libnetfilter_queue1-32bit' 'libnetlink-devel' 'libnetpbm-devel' 'libnetpbm11' 'libnetpbm11-32bit' 'libnettle-devel' 'libnettle-devel-32bit' 'libnettle4' 'libnettle4-32bit' 'libnewt0_52' 'libnewt0_52-32bit' 'libnextcloudsync-devel' 'libnextcloudsync0' 'libnfc-devel' 'libnfc-tools' 'libnfc5' 'libnfnetlink-devel' 'libnfnetlink0' 'libnfnetlink0-32bit' 'libnfs' 'libnfs-debugsource' 'libnfs-devel' 'libnfs8' 'libnfs8-debuginfo' 'libnfsjunct0' 'libnftnl-devel' 'libnftnl-devel-32bit' 'libnftnl4' 'libnftnl4-32bit' 'libnghttp2-14' 'libnghttp2-14-32bit' 'libnghttp2-devel' 'libnghttp2_asio-devel' 'libnghttp2_asio1' 'libnghttp2_asio1-32bit' 'libnice' 'libnice-devel' 'libnice10' 'libnice10-32bit' 'libnilfs0' 'libnilfscleaner0' 'libnilfsgc0' 'libnjb' 'libnjb-devel' 'libnjb5' 'libnl-1_1-devel' 'libnl-1_1-devel-32bit' 'libnl-config' 'libnl-doc' 'libnl-tools' 'libnl1' 'libnl1-32bit' 'libnl3-200' 'libnl3-200-32bit' 'libnl3-devel' 'libnl3-devel-32bit' 'libnlopt0' 'libnm-glib-vpn1' 'libnm-glib-vpn1-32bit' 'libnm-glib4' 'libnm-glib4-32bit' 'libnm-gtk-devel' 'libnm-gtk0' 'libnm-util2' 'libnm-util2-32bit' 'libnm0' 'libnoise-core0' 'libnordlicht0' 'libnordlicht0-debuginfo' 'libnotify-devel' 'libnotify-devel-32bit' 'libnotify-tools' 'libnotify4' 'libnotify4-32bit' 'libnotmuch4' 'libnova-0_15-0' 'libnova-devel' 'libnpth0' 'libnscd-devel' 'libnscd1' 'libnscd1-32bit' 'libnsl-devel' 'libnsl2' 'libnsl2-32bit' 'libnsssharedhelper0' 'libnsssharedhelper0-32bit' 'libntfs-3g-devel' 'libntfs-3g84' 'libntk1' 'libntl15' 'libntlm-devel' 'libntlm0' 'libnuma-devel' 'libnuma1' 'libnuma1-32bit' 'libnxcl' 'libnxcl-devel' 'libnxcl1' 'libnxml' 'libnxml-debugsource' 'libnxml-devel' 'libnxml0' 'libnxml0-32bit' 'libnxml0-debuginfo' 'liboaml_shared1' 'liboauth-devel' 'liboauth0' 'liboauth0-32bit' 'libobby-0_4-1' 'libobjc2' 'libobjc2-devel' 'libobjc4' 'libobjc4-32bit' 'libobjc4-gcc7' 'libobjc4-gcc7-32bit' 'libobrender32' 'libobt2' 'libode3' 'libodfgen' 'libodfgen-0_1-1' 'libodfgen-devel' 'libodfgen-devel-doc' 'libodraw-devel' 'libodraw-tools' 'libodraw1' 'libofa-devel' 'libofa0' 'libofa0-32bit' 'libofetion-devel' 'libofetion1' 'libofx' 'libofx-devel' 'libofx6' 'libogg-devel' 'libogg0' 'libogg0-32bit' 'liboggkate1' 'liboggkate1-32bit' 'liboggz-devel' 'liboggz-doc' 'liboggz2' 'liboggz2-32bit' 'libogmrip-devel' 'libogmrip1' 'libogmrip1-debuginfo' 'libohcount' 'liboil' 'liboil-32bit' 'liboil-devel' 'liboil-doc' 'liboldX-devel' 'liboldX-devel-32bit' 'liboldX6' 'liboldX6-32bit' 'libolecf-devel' 'libolecf-tools' 'libolecf1' 'libonig2' 'liboop-devel' 'liboop4' 'libopagent1' 'libopagent1-32bit' 'libopal-devel' 'libopal3_10_10' 'libopenal0' 'libopenal0-32bit' 'libopenal1' 'libopenal1-32bit' 'libopenbabel-devel' 'libopenbabel4' 'libopenbabel4-32bit' 'libopenblas_openmp-devel' 'libopenblas_openmp0' 'libopenblas_pthreads-devel' 'libopenblas_pthreads0' 'libopenblas_serial-devel' 'libopenblas_serial0' 'libopenblaso0' 'libopenblasp0' 'libopencc2' 'libopencdk-devel' 'libopencdk-devel-32bit' 'libopencdk10' 'libopencdk10-32bit' 'libopencore-amr-devel' 'libopencore-amrnb0' 'libopencore-amrnb0-32bit' 'libopencore-amrnb0-debuginfo' 'libopencore-amrnb0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libopencore-amrwb0' 'libopencore-amrwb0-32bit' 'libopencore-amrwb0-debuginfo' 'libopencore-amrwb0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libopenct1' 'libopenct1-32bit' 'libopencv-qt56_3' 'libopencv3_1' 'libopenjp2-7' 'libopenjp2-7-32bit' 'libopenjpeg1' 'libopenjpeg1-32bit' 'libopenlibm1' 'libopenobex2' 'libopenraw-devel' 'libopenraw1' 'libopenraw1-32bit' 'libopenscap8' 'libopenshot' 'libopenshot-audio' 'libopenshot-audio-debugsource' 'libopenshot-audio-devel' 'libopenshot-audio-devel-debuginfo' 'libopenshot-audio3' 'libopenshot-audio3-debuginfo' 'libopenshot-debugsource' 'libopenshot-devel' 'libopenshot1' 'libopenshot1-debuginfo' 'libopenslide-devel' 'libopenslide0' 'libopenspecfun1' 'libopenssl-devel' 'libopenssl-devel-32bit' 'libopenssl0_9_8' 'libopenssl0_9_8-32bit' 'libopenssl1_0_0' 'libopenssl1_0_0-32bit' 'libopenssl1_0_0-hmac' 'libopenssl1_0_0-hmac-32bit' 'libopenssl1_0_0-steam' 'libopenssl1_0_0-steam-32bit' 'libopenvas' 'libopenvas-devel' 'libopenvas_base6' 'libopenvas_hg6' 'libopenvas_misc6' 'libopenvas_nasl6' 'libopenvas_omp6' 'liboping-devel' 'liboping-devel-32bit' 'liboping0' 'liboping0-32bit' 'libopus-devel' 'libopus-devel-static' 'libopus0' 'libopus0-32bit' 'libopusfile0' 'liborc-0_4-0' 'liborc-0_4-0-32bit' 'liborcus-0_12-0' 'liborcus-devel' 'liborcus-python3' 'liborcus-tools' 'liborigin-devel' 'liborigin-doc' 'liborigin-tools' 'liborigin0' 'libortp12' 'libortp12-32bit' 'libortp12-debuginfo' 'libosinfo' 'libosinfo-1_0-0' 'libosinfo-devel' 'libosinfo-lang' 'libosinfo-vala' 'libosip2' 'libosip2-devel' 'libosmgpsmap-1_0-0' 'libosmgpsmap-devel' 'libosmo-dsp-devel' 'libosmo-dsp-doc' 'libosmo-mtp-0_7_0' 'libosmo-mtp-devel' 'libosmo-sccp-0_7_0' 'libosmo-sccp-devel' 'libosmo-xua-0_7_0' 'libosmo-xua-devel' 'libosmoabis-devel' 'libosmoabis5' 'libosmocodec-devel' 'libosmocodec0' 'libosmocore-devel' 'libosmocore-tools' 'libosmocore6' 'libosmoctrl-devel' 'libosmoctrl0' 'libosmodsp0' 'libosmogb-devel' 'libosmogb4' 'libosmogsm-devel' 'libosmogsm5' 'libosmonetif-devel' 'libosmonetif3' 'libosmosim-devel' 'libosmosim0' 'libosmotrau-devel' 'libosmotrau1' 'libosmovty-devel' 'libosmovty2' 'libospf0' 'libospfapiclient0' 'libossp-uuid++16' 'libossp-uuid16' 'libossp-uuid_dce16' 'libostree' 'libostree-1-1' 'libostree-devel' 'libostree-grub2' 'libotf' 'libotf-devel' 'libotf-devel-32bit' 'libotf0' 'libotf0-32bit' 'libotr-devel' 'libotr-tools' 'libotr5' 'libout123-0' 'libout123-0-32bit' 'libout123-0-debuginfo' 'libout123-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libowncloudsync-devel' 'libowncloudsync0' 'liboyranos-alpha-devel' 'liboyranos-alpha-devel-doc' 'liboyranos-devel' 'liboyranos0' 'liboyranos0-cups' 'liboyranos0-lraw' 'liboyranos0-monitor' 'liboyranos0-sane' 'libp11-2' 'libp11-2-32bit' 'libp11-devel' 'libp11-kit0' 'libp11-kit0-32bit' 'libp8-platform2' 'libp8-platform2-debuginfo' 'libp8-platform2_0' 'libpacemaker-devel' 'libpacemaker3' 'libpackagekit-glib2-18' 'libpackagekit-glib2-18-32bit' 'libpackagekit-glib2-devel' 'libpackagekit-glib2-devel-32bit' 'libpackagekitqt4-0' 'libpackagekitqt5-0' 'libpagemaker-0_0-0' 'libpagemaker-devel' 'libpagemaker-devel-doc' 'libpagemaker-tools' 'libpamtest-devel' 'libpamtest-devel-doc' 'libpamtest0' 'libpango-1_0-0' 'libpango-1_0-0-32bit' 'libpangomm-1_4-1' 'libpangomm-1_4-1-32bit' 'libpangox-1_0-0' 'libpangox-1_0-0-32bit' 'libpano-devel' 'libpano-utils' 'libpano13-3' 'libpaper-devel' 'libpaper-utils' 'libpaper1' 'libpapi' 'libpapi-32bit' 'libpari-gmp4' 'libparpack2-openmpi' 'libparpack2-openmpi-32bit' 'libparserutils-devel' 'libparserutils-doc' 'libparserutils0' 'libparted0' 'libparted0-32bit' 'libpasswdqc0' 'libpasswdqc0-32bit' 'libpath_utils-devel' 'libpath_utils-devel-32bit' 'libpath_utils1' 'libpath_utils1-32bit' 'libpcap-devel' 'libpcap-devel-32bit' 'libpcap-devel-static' 'libpcap1' 'libpcap1-32bit' 'libpcd-devel' 'libpcd2' 'libpci3' 'libpci3-32bit' 'libpciaccess-devel' 'libpciaccess0' 'libpciaccess0-32bit' 'libpcp-devel' 'libpcp3' 'libpcp_gui2' 'libpcp_import1' 'libpcp_mmv1' 'libpcp_trace2' 'libpcp_web1' 'libpcre1' 'libpcre1-32bit' 'libpcre16-0' 'libpcre16-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-16-0' 'libpcre2-16-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-32-0' 'libpcre2-32-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-8-0' 'libpcre2-8-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-posix1' 'libpcre2-posix1-32bit' 'libpcrecpp0' 'libpcrecpp0-32bit' 'libpcreposix0' 'libpcreposix0-32bit' 'libpcsclite1' 'libpcsclite1-32bit' 'libpcscspy0' 'libpcscspy0-32bit' 'libpeas-1_0-0' 'libpeas-demo' 'libpeas-devel' 'libpeas-gtk-1_0-0' 'libpeas-lang' 'libpeas-loader-python' 'libpeas-loader-python3' 'libpegclient1' 'libpegcommon1' 'libpegexportserver1' 'libpeglistener1' 'libpff-devel' 'libpff-tools' 'libpff1' 'libpfm-devel' 'libpfm-devel-static' 'libpfm4' 'libpfm4-32bit' 'libpgeasy' 'libpgf-devel' 'libpgf6' 'libpgm-5_2-0' 'libphonon4' 'libphonon4-32bit' 'libphonon4qt5' 'libphonon4qt5-32bit' 'libphysfs-devel' 'libphysfs1' 'libpinyin-data' 'libpinyin-devel' 'libpinyin-tools' 'libpinyin10' 'libpinyin10-32bit' 'libpipeline-devel' 'libpipeline1' 'libpisock-devel' 'libpisock9' 'libpisync-devel' 'libpisync1' 'libpixman-1-0' 'libpixman-1-0-32bit' 'libpixman-1-0-devel' 'libpkcs11-helper1' 'libpkcs11-helper1-32bit' 'libplank1' 'libplatform-devel' 'libplatform1_0' 'libplib0' 'libplist' 'libplist++-devel' 'libplist++3' 'libplist++3-32bit' 'libplist-devel' 'libplist3' 'libplist3-32bit' 'libplot2' 'libplotter2' 'libply-boot-client4' 'libply-splash-core4' 'libply-splash-graphics4' 'libply4' 'libpmem-devel' 'libpmem1' 'libpmemblk-devel' 'libpmemblk1' 'libpmemlog-devel' 'libpmemlog1' 'libpmemobj++-devel' 'libpmemobj-devel' 'libpmemobj1' 'libpmempool-devel' 'libpmempool1' 'libpnetcdf1-openmpi' 'libpng12-0' 'libpng12-0-32bit' 'libpng12-compat-devel' 'libpng12-compat-devel-32bit' 'libpng12-devel' 'libpng12-devel-32bit' 'libpng15-15' 'libpng15-15-32bit' 'libpng16-16' 'libpng16-16-32bit' 'libpng16-compat-devel' 'libpng16-compat-devel-32bit' 'libpng16-devel' 'libpng16-devel-32bit' 'libpng16-tools' 'libpnglite0' 'libpodofo-devel' 'libpodofo0_9_3' 'libpolkit-gtk-mate-1-0' 'libpolkit-gtk-mate-1-0-32bit' 'libpolkit-qt-1-1' 'libpolkit-qt-1-1-32bit' 'libpolkit-qt-1-devel' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-1' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-1-32bit' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-devel' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-devel-32bit' 'libpolkit0' 'libpolkit0-32bit' 'libpoppler-cpp0' 'libpoppler-cpp0-32bit' 'libpoppler-devel' 'libpoppler-glib-devel' 'libpoppler-glib8' 'libpoppler-glib8-32bit' 'libpoppler-qt4-4' 'libpoppler-qt4-4-32bit' 'libpoppler-qt4-devel' 'libpoppler-qt5-1' 'libpoppler-qt5-1-32bit' 'libpoppler-qt5-devel' 'libpoppler60' 'libpoppler60-32bit' 'libpopt0' 'libpopt0-32bit' 'libportaudio2' 'libportaudio2-32bit' 'libportmidi0' 'libpostproc-2.8-devel' 'libpostproc-3.2-devel' 'libpostproc-devel' 'libpostproc53' 'libpostproc53-32bit' 'libpostproc53-debuginfo' 'libpostproc53-debuginfo-32bit' 'libpostproc54' 'libpostproc54-32bit' 'libpostproc54-debuginfo' 'libpostproc54-debuginfo-32bit' 'libpotrace0' 'libpowerman0' 'libpq5' 'libpq5-32bit' 'libpqos0' 'libpqos0-devel' 'libpqxx-4_0' 'libpqxx-devel' 'libprelude-devel' 'libprelude-devel-bindings' 'libprelude-doc' 'libprelude23' 'libpreludecpp8' 'libpreludedb-devel' 'libpreludedb-devel-bindings' 'libpreludedb-doc' 'libpreludedb-mysql' 'libpreludedb-pgsql' 'libpreludedb-plugins' 'libpreludedb-sqlite' 'libpreludedb7' 'libpreludedbcpp2' 'libpresage-devel' 'libpresage-doc' 'libpresage1' 'libprison-devel' 'libprison0' 'libprison0-32bit' 'libprocps3' 'libprofiler0' 'libproj-devel' 'libproj9' 'libprojectM-libvisual' 'libprojectM-qt1' 'libprojectM2' 'libpromises-devel' 'libpromises3' 'libprotobuf-c-devel' 'libprotobuf-c1' 'libprotobuf-lite9' 'libprotobuf-lite9-32bit' 'libprotobuf9' 'libprotobuf9-32bit' 'libprotoc9' 'libprotoc9-32bit' 'libproxy-devel' 'libproxy-tools' 'libproxy1' 'libproxy1-32bit' 'libproxy1-config-gnome3' 'libproxy1-config-kde' 'libproxy1-networkmanager' 'libproxy1-pacrunner-webkit' 'libpsl-devel' 'libpsl5' 'libpsl5-32bit' 'libpsm2-2' 'libpsm2-compat' 'libpsm2-devel' 'libpsm_infinipath1' 'libpsm_infinipath1-32bit' 'libpspell15' 'libpspell15-32bit' 'libpst' 'libpst-devel' 'libpst4' 'libpt-devel' 'libpt1_11' 'libpt1_11-32bit' 'libpt2_10_10' 'libpt2_10_10-plugins-avc' 'libpt2_10_10-plugins-esd' 'libpt2_10_10-plugins-pulse' 'libptexenc1' 'libpth-devel' 'libpth20' 'libpth20-32bit' 'libpugixml1' 'libpulse-devel' 'libpulse-devel-32bit' 'libpulse-mainloop-glib0' 'libpulse-mainloop-glib0-32bit' 'libpulse0' 'libpulse0-32bit' 'libpurple' 'libpurple-branding-openSUSE' 'libpurple-branding-upstream' 'libpurple-devel' 'libpurple-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-bot-sentry' 'libpurple-plugin-bot-sentry-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-facebook' 'libpurple-plugin-gnome-keyring' 'libpurple-plugin-libsteam' 'libpurple-plugin-mrim' 'libpurple-plugin-mrim-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-openfetion' 'libpurple-plugin-openfetion-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-pack' 'libpurple-plugin-pack-extras' 'libpurple-plugin-pack-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-prpltwtr' 'libpurple-plugin-prpltwtr-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-sametime' 'libpurple-plugin-sipe' 'libpurple-plugin-sipe-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-skype' 'libpurple-plugin-skype-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-skypeweb' 'libpurple-plugin-telegram' 'libpurple-plugin-telegram-lang' 'libpurple-tcl' 'libpwquality-devel' 'libpwquality-lang' 'libpwquality-tools' 'libpwquality1' 'libpythia8' 'libpythia8lhapdf6' 'libpython2_7-1_0' 'libpython2_7-1_0-32bit' 'libpython3_4m1_0' 'libpython3_4m1_0-32bit' 'libpyzy-1_0-0' 'libqalculate-devel' 'libqalculate6' 'libqb-devel' 'libqb-devel-32bit' 'libqb0' 'libqb0-32bit' 'libqca-qt5' 'libqca-qt5-32bit' 'libqca-qt5-devel' 'libqca-qt5-devel-32bit' 'libqca-qt5-plugins' 'libqca-qt5-plugins-32bit' 'libqca2' 'libqca2-32bit' 'libqca2-devel' 'libqca2-plugin-cyrus-sasl' 'libqca2-plugin-cyrus-sasl-32bit' 'libqca2-plugin-pkcs11' 'libqca2-plugin-pkcs11-32bit' 'libqcow-devel' 'libqcow-tools' 'libqcow1' 'libqd0' 'libqgpgme-devel' 'libqgpgme7' 'libqgpgme7-32bit' 'libqhexedit4' 'libqhull6-6_3_1_1494' 'libqimageblitz-devel' 'libqimageblitz4' 'libqjack' 'libqjack-debugsource' 'libqjack-devel' 'libqjack0' 'libqjack0-debuginfo' 'libqjson-devel' 'libqjson0' 'libqjson0-32bit' 'libqmi-devel' 'libqmi-glib1' 'libqmi-tools' 'libqmmp-devel' 'libqmmp-plugin-mplayer' 'libqmmp-plugin-mplayer-debuginfo' 'libqmmp-plugins' 'libqmmp-plugins-debuginfo' 'libqmmp1' 'libqmmp1-32bit' 'libqmmp1-debuginfo' 'libqoauth1' 'libqoauth2' 'libqore5' 'libqpdf13' 'libqpdf18' 'libqpid-proton-cpp10' 'libqpid-proton10' 'libqqwing2' 'libqrencode3' 'libqrencode3-32bit' 'libqross0_1' 'libqrosspython' 'libqrupdate1' 'libqscintilla-devel' 'libqscintilla-qt5-devel' 'libqscintilla2-12' 'libqscintilla2-qt5-13' 'libqt4' 'libqt4-32bit' 'libqt4-devel' 'libqt4-devel-doc' 'libqt4-devel-doc-data' 'libqt4-linguist' 'libqt4-private-headers-devel' 'libqt4-qt3support' 'libqt4-qt3support-32bit' 'libqt4-sql' 'libqt4-sql-32bit' 'libqt4-sql-mysql' 'libqt4-sql-postgresql' 'libqt4-sql-sqlite' 'libqt4-sql-sqlite-32bit' 'libqt4-sql-unixODBC' 'libqt4-x11' 'libqt4-x11-32bit' 'libqt5-creator' 'libqt5-creator-plugin-devel' 'libqt5-linguist' 'libqt5-linguist-devel' 'libqt5-qt3d-devel' 'libqt5-qt3d-examples' 'libqt5-qt3d-imports' 'libqt5-qt3d-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qt3d-tools' 'libqt5-qtbase-common-devel' 'libqt5-qtbase-devel' 'libqt5-qtbase-examples' 'libqt5-qtbase-examples-32bit' 'libqt5-qtbase-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-devel' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-examples' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-tools' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-devel' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-examples' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-tools' 'libqt5-qtdoc' 'libqt5-qtgraphicaleffects' 'libqt5-qtimageformats' 'libqt5-qtimageformats-32bit' 'libqt5-qtimageformats-devel' 'libqt5-qtlocation-devel' 'libqt5-qtlocation-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtlocation-examples' 'libqt5-qtlocation-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-devel' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-examples' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtquickcontrols' 'libqt5-qtquickcontrols-examples' 'libqt5-qtscript-devel' 'libqt5-qtscript-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtscript-examples' 'libqt5-qtscript-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtsensors-devel' 'libqt5-qtsensors-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtsensors-examples' 'libqt5-qtsensors-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtserialport-devel' 'libqt5-qtserialport-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtserialport-examples' 'libqt5-qtserialport-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtsvg-devel' 'libqt5-qtsvg-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtsvg-examples' 'libqt5-qtsvg-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qttools' 'libqt5-qttools-32bit' 'libqt5-qttools-devel' 'libqt5-qttools-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qttools-doc' 'libqt5-qttools-examples' 'libqt5-qttools-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qttranslations' 'libqt5-qtwayland' 'libqt5-qtwayland-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwayland-devel' 'libqt5-qtwayland-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwayland-examples' 'libqt5-qtwayland-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebengine' 'libqt5-qtwebengine' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebkit-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtx11extras-devel' 'libqt5-qtx11extras-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5keychain1' 'libqt5keychain1-32bit' 'libqt5keychain1-lang' 'libqt5xdg-devel' 'libqtcurve-cairo1' 'libqtcurve-utils2' 'libqtermwidget4-0' 'libqtermwidget5-0' 'libqtkeychain0' 'libqtpod-devel' 'libqtpod-doc' 'libqtpod0' 'libqtweetlib-devel' 'libqtweetlib1_0' 'libquadmath0' 'libquadmath0-32bit' 'libquadmath0-gcc48' 'libquadmath0-gcc48-32bit' 'libquadmath0-gcc5' 'libquadmath0-gcc5-32bit' 'libquadmath0-gcc6' 'libquadmath0-gcc6-32bit' 'libquagga_pb0' 'libquazip-qt5-devel' 'libquazip-qt5-doc' 'libquazip1' 'libquazip5-1' 'libqucs0' 'libquicktime' 'libquicktime' 'libquicktime-debuginfo' 'libquicktime-debugsource' 'libquicktime-devel' 'libquicktime-lang' 'libquicktime-orig-addon' 'libquicktime-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'libquicktime-tools' 'libquicktime-tools-debuginfo' 'libquicktime0' 'libquicktime0-32bit' 'libquicktime0-debuginfo' 'libquo-devel' 'libquo3' 'libquvi-0_9-0_9_4' 'libquvi-devel' 'libquvi-scripts' 'libquvi-scripts-devel' 'libquvi-scripts-nsfw' 'libqwt5' 'libqwt6' 'libqxmledit0' 'libqxmledit0-32bit' 'libqxmpp-devel' 'libqxmpp-doc' 'libqxmpp-qt5-0' 'libqxmpp-qt5-devel' 'libqxmpp-qt5-doc' 'libqxmpp0' 'libqxmpp0-32bit' 'libqxt-devel' 'libqxt1' 'libqyoto2' 'librados-devel' 'librados2' 'libradosstriper-devel' 'libradosstriper1' 'librapi2' 'librapi2' 'librapi2-debuginfo' 'librapi2-debugsource' 'librapi2-devel' 'libraptor-devel' 'libraptor2-0' 'libraptor2-0-32bit' 'librasqal-devel' 'librasqal-devel-doc' 'librasqal3' 'librasqal3-32bit' 'libratbag-devel' 'libratbag-tools' 'libratbag3' 'libraw' 'libraw-devel' 'libraw-devel-static' 'libraw-tools' 'libraw1394' 'libraw1394-11' 'libraw1394-11-32bit' 'libraw1394-devel' 'libraw1394-devel-32bit' 'libraw15' 'librawstudio-2_1' 'librawstudio-devel' 'librbd-devel' 'librbd1' 'librbio-2_2_1' 'librcc-devel' 'librcc0' 'librcc0-32bit' 'librcd-devel' 'librcd0' 'librcd0-32bit' 'librcps-devel' 'librcps0' 'librdf0' 'librdf0-32bit' 'librdmacm-utils' 'librdmacm1' 'librdmacm1-32bit' 'libre2-0' 'libre2-0-32bit' 'libreadline-java' 'libreadline-java-32bit' 'libreadline-java-javadoc' 'libreadline5' 'libreadline5-32bit' 'libreadline6' 'libreadline6-32bit' 'librecad' 'librecad-parts' 'libredland-devel' 'libref_array-devel' 'libref_array-devel-32bit' 'libref_array1' 'libref_array1-32bit' 'libregf-devel' 'libregf-tools' 'libregf1' 'libregina3' 'libreiser4-1_1-0' 'libreiser4-minimal-1_1-0' 'libreiserfs-0_3-0' 'libreiserfs-0_3-0-32bit' 'libreiserfs-devel' 'libreiserfs-devel-32bit' 'libreiserfs-progs' 'libreiserfscore-devel' 'libreiserfscore0' 'librelp-devel' 'librelp0' 'libreoffice' 'libreoffice' 'libreoffice-base' 'libreoffice-base-drivers-mysql' 'libreoffice-base-drivers-postgresql' 'libreoffice-branding-upstream' 'libreoffice-calc' 'libreoffice-calc-extensions' 'libreoffice-draw' 'libreoffice-filters-optional' 'libreoffice-gdb-pretty-printers' 'libreoffice-glade' 'libreoffice-gnome' 'libreoffice-gtk3' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-breeze' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-galaxy' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-hicontrast' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-oxygen' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-sifr' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-tango' 'libreoffice-impress' 'libreoffice-kde4' 'libreoffice-l10n-af' 'libreoffice-l10n-ar' 'libreoffice-l10n-as' 'libreoffice-l10n-bg' 'libreoffice-l10n-bn' 'libreoffice-l10n-br' 'libreoffice-l10n-ca' 'libreoffice-l10n-cs' 'libreoffice-l10n-cy' 'libreoffice-l10n-da' 'libreoffice-l10n-de' 'libreoffice-l10n-dz' 'libreoffice-l10n-el' 'libreoffice-l10n-en' 'libreoffice-l10n-eo' 'libreoffice-l10n-es' 'libreoffice-l10n-et' 'libreoffice-l10n-eu' 'libreoffice-l10n-fa' 'libreoffice-l10n-fi' 'libreoffice-l10n-fr' 'libreoffice-l10n-ga' 'libreoffice-l10n-gl' 'libreoffice-l10n-gu' 'libreoffice-l10n-he' 'libreoffice-l10n-hi' 'libreoffice-l10n-hr' 'libreoffice-l10n-hu' 'libreoffice-l10n-it' 'libreoffice-l10n-ja' 'libreoffice-l10n-kk' 'libreoffice-l10n-kn' 'libreoffice-l10n-ko' 'libreoffice-l10n-lt' 'libreoffice-l10n-lv' 'libreoffice-l10n-mai' 'libreoffice-l10n-ml' 'libreoffice-l10n-mr' 'libreoffice-l10n-nb' 'libreoffice-l10n-nl' 'libreoffice-l10n-nn' 'libreoffice-l10n-nr' 'libreoffice-l10n-nso' 'libreoffice-l10n-or' 'libreoffice-l10n-pa' 'libreoffice-l10n-pl' 'libreoffice-l10n-pt_BR' 'libreoffice-l10n-pt_PT' 'libreoffice-l10n-ro' 'libreoffice-l10n-ru' 'libreoffice-l10n-si' 'libreoffice-l10n-sk' 'libreoffice-l10n-sl' 'libreoffice-l10n-sr' 'libreoffice-l10n-ss' 'libreoffice-l10n-st' 'libreoffice-l10n-sv' 'libreoffice-l10n-ta' 'libreoffice-l10n-te' 'libreoffice-l10n-th' 'libreoffice-l10n-tn' 'libreoffice-l10n-tr' 'libreoffice-l10n-ts' 'libreoffice-l10n-uk' 'libreoffice-l10n-ve' 'libreoffice-l10n-xh' 'libreoffice-l10n-zh_CN' 'libreoffice-l10n-zh_TW' 'libreoffice-l10n-zu' 'libreoffice-mailmerge' 'libreoffice-math' 'libreoffice-officebean' 'libreoffice-pyuno' 'libreoffice-sdk' 'libreoffice-sdk-doc' 'libreoffice-share-linker' 'libreoffice-templates-de' 'libreoffice-templates-en' 'libreoffice-templates-labels-a4' 'libreoffice-templates-labels-letter' 'libreoffice-templates-presentation-layouts' 'libreoffice-templates-ru' 'libreoffice-voikko' 'libreoffice-writer' 'libreoffice-writer-extensions' 'libreofficekit' 'libreofficekit-devel' 'librep' 'librep-devel' 'librep16' 'librepair-1_1-0' 'librepository' 'librepository-javadoc' 'libressl' 'libressl' 'libressl-devel' 'libressl-devel-32bit' 'libressl-devel-doc' 'librest-devel' 'librest0' 'librest0-32bit' 'libretro-bsnes' 'libretro-gambatte' 'libretro-pcsx_rearmed' 'librevenge-0_0-0' 'librevenge-devel' 'librevenge-doc' 'librevenge-generators-0_0-0' 'librevenge-stream-0_0-0' 'librgw-devel' 'librgw2' 'librime-devel' 'librime1' 'librk0' 'librlog-devel' 'librlog5' 'librlog5-doc' 'libroar2' 'libroar2-debuginfo' 'librocsgraphtheory0' 'librpcsecgss-devel' 'librpcsecgss3' 'librsound-devel' 'librsound-devel-static' 'librsound3' 'librsound3-debuginfo' 'librsvg' 'librsvg-2-2' 'librsvg-2-2-32bit' 'librsvg-devel' 'librsync-devel' 'librsync2' 'librtaudio5' 'librtaudio5-debuginfo' 'librtlsdr0' 'librtmidi3' 'librtmidi3-debuginfo' 'librtmp-devel' 'librtmp1' 'librtmp1-32bit' 'librtmp1-debuginfo' 'librtmp1-debuginfo-32bit' 'librubberband-devel' 'librubberband2' 'librubberband2-32bit' 'libruby2_1-2_1' 'libruby2_2-2_2' 'libruby2_3-2_3' 'libruby2_4-2_4' 'librvngabw-0_0-0' 'librvngabw-devel' 'librvngabw-devel-doc' 'librygel-core-2_6-2' 'librygel-renderer-2_6-2' 'librygel-renderer-gst-2_6-2' 'librygel-ruih-2_0-1' 'librygel-server-2_6-2' 'libs3' 'libs3-3' 'libs3-4' 'libs3-devel' 'libs3-tools' 'libsamba-credentials-devel' 'libsamba-credentials0' 'libsamba-credentials0-32bit' 'libsamba-errors-devel' 'libsamba-errors0' 'libsamba-errors0-32bit' 'libsamba-hostconfig-devel' 'libsamba-hostconfig0' 'libsamba-hostconfig0-32bit' 'libsamba-passdb-devel' 'libsamba-passdb0' 'libsamba-passdb0-32bit' 'libsamba-policy-devel' 'libsamba-policy0' 'libsamba-policy0-32bit' 'libsamba-util-devel' 'libsamba-util0' 'libsamba-util0-32bit' 'libsamdb-devel' 'libsamdb0' 'libsamdb0-32bit' 'libsaml-devel' 'libsaml8' 'libsamplerate-devel' 'libsamplerate-progs' 'libsamplerate0' 'libsamplerate0-32bit' 'libsanlock1' 'libsapi0' 'libsapi0-32bit' 'libsasl2-3' 'libsasl2-3-32bit' 'libsass' 'libsass-3_3_2-0' 'libsass-devel' 'libsbc1' 'libsbc1-32bit' 'libsblim-cmpiutil1' 'libscalapack2-openmpi' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-32bit' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-devel' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-devel-32bit' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-devel-static' 'libscca-devel' 'libscca-tools' 'libscca1' 'libscg-devel' 'libscg1_0' 'libschily-devel' 'libschily-devel-doc' 'libschily1_0' 'libschroedinger-1_0-0' 'libschroedinger-1_0-0-32bit' 'libscilab5' 'libscintilla-devel' 'libscintilla3' 'libscratchcore0' 'libseccomp-devel' 'libseccomp-tools' 'libseccomp2' 'libseccomp2-32bit' 'libsecprog-devel' 'libsecprog0' 'libsecret' 'libsecret-1-0' 'libsecret-1-0-32bit' 'libsecret-devel' 'libsecret-lang' 'libsecret-tools' 'libselinux-devel' 'libselinux-devel-static' 'libselinux1' 'libselinux1-32bit' 'libsemanage-devel' 'libsemanage-devel-static' 'libsemanage1' 'libsemanage1-32bit' 'libsensors4' 'libsensors4-32bit' 'libsensors4-devel' 'libsepol-devel' 'libsepol-devel-static' 'libsepol1' 'libsepol1-32bit' 'libserd-0-0' 'libserd-0-0-32bit' 'libserd-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libserd-0-devel' 'libserf-1-1' 'libserf-devel' 'libserializer' 'libserializer-javadoc' 'libserialport-devel' 'libserialport0' 'libsexy' 'libsexy-devel' 'libsexy-doc' 'libsfcUtil0' 'libsfml2-2_4' 'libsfml2-2_4-32bit' 'libsgutils-devel' 'libsgutils2-2' 'libsha1detectcoll-devel' 'libsha1detectcoll1' 'libshairplay0' 'libshairplay0-debuginfo' 'libshiboken-1_2_cpython-34m1_2' 'libshiboken-devel' 'libshiboken-python2_7-1_2' 'libshiboken-python3-devel' 'libshibsp-lite6' 'libshibsp6' 'libshine' 'libshine-debugsource' 'libshine-devel' 'libshine3' 'libshine3-debuginfo' 'libshout-devel' 'libshout-idjc' 'libshout-idjc-debugsource' 'libshout-idjc-devel' 'libshout-idjc3' 'libshout-idjc3-debuginfo' 'libshout3' 'libshout3-32bit' 'libshp-devel' 'libshp1' 'libsidplay1' 'libsidplay1-32bit' 'libsidplay1-devel' 'libsidplayfp-devel' 'libsidplayfp3' 'libsigc++12' 'libsigc++12-devel' 'libsigc++2-devel' 'libsigc-2_0-0' 'libsigc-2_0-0-32bit' 'libsignon-glib-devel' 'libsignon-glib1' 'libsignon-qt5-1' 'libsignon-qt5-devel' 'libsignon-qt5-docs' 'libsigrok-data' 'libsigrok-devel' 'libsigrok2' 'libsigrokdecode-devel' 'libsigrokdecode2' 'libsigscan-devel' 'libsigscan-tools' 'libsigscan1' 'libsigsegv-devel' 'libsigsegv-doc' 'libsigsegv2' 'libsilc-1_1-4' 'libsilcclient-1_1-4' 'libskk-devel' 'libskk0' 'libskk0-32bit' 'libslang2' 'libslang2-32bit' 'libslurm29' 'libsmartcols-devel' 'libsmartcols-devel-static' 'libsmartcols1' 'libsmbclient-devel' 'libsmbclient0' 'libsmbclient0-32bit' 'libsmbconf-devel' 'libsmbconf0' 'libsmbconf0-32bit' 'libsmbios-devel' 'libsmbios2' 'libsmbldap-devel' 'libsmbldap0' 'libsmbldap0-32bit' 'libsmdev-devel' 'libsmdev-tools' 'libsmdev1' 'libsmi' 'libsmi-devel' 'libsmi2' 'libsmokegen-devel' 'libsmokekde-devel' 'libsmokekde3' 'libsmokeqt' 'libsmokeqt-devel' 'libsmpp34-0' 'libsmpp34-0-devel' 'libsmputils-devel' 'libsmputils1-1' 'libsmraw-devel' 'libsmraw-tools' 'libsmraw1' 'libsnapper-devel' 'libsnapper4' 'libsnappy1' 'libsnappy1-32bit' 'libsndfile' 'libsndfile-devel' 'libsndfile-progs' 'libsndfile-progs' 'libsndfile1' 'libsndfile1-32bit' 'libsndio6_0' 'libsnmp30' 'libsnmp30-32bit' 'libsoc-common' 'libsoc-devel' 'libsoc2' 'libsocialweb' 'libsocialweb-branding-openSUSE' 'libsocialweb-branding-upstream' 'libsocialweb-client2' 'libsocialweb-devel' 'libsocialweb-lang' 'libsocialweb0' 'libsocketcan-devel' 'libsocketcan2' 'libsocks0' 'libsocks0-32bit' 'libsodium-devel' 'libsodium18' 'libsofia-sip-ua-glib3' 'libsofia-sip-ua0' 'libsoftokn3' 'libsoftokn3-32bit' 'libsolarus1' 'libsolv' 'libsolv-demo' 'libsolv-devel' 'libsolv-tools' 'libsoprano-devel' 'libsoprano4' 'libsoprano4-32bit' 'libsord-0-0' 'libsord-0-0-32bit' 'libsord-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libsord-0-devel' 'libsoup' 'libsoup-2_4-1' 'libsoup-2_4-1-32bit' 'libsoup-devel' 'libsoup-devel-32bit' 'libsoup-lang' 'libsource-highlight-devel' 'libsource-highlight4' 'libsource-highlight4-32bit' 'libsox1' 'libsox1' 'libsox1-debuginfo' 'libsox1-debugsource' 'libsox3' 'libsox3-debuginfo' 'libsoxr-lsr0' 'libsoxr-lsr0-32bit' 'libsoxr0' 'libsoxr0-32bit' 'libspandsp2' 'libspandsp2-32bit' 'libspatialindex4' 'libspatialite-devel' 'libspatialite7' 'libspdylay7' 'libspectre-devel' 'libspectre1' 'libspeechd-devel' 'libspeechd2' 'libspeex1' 'libspeex1-32bit' 'libspeexdsp1' 'libspeexdsp1-32bit' 'libspf2-2' 'libspf2-devel' 'libspf2-tools' 'libspice-client-glib-2_0-8' 'libspice-client-glib-helper' 'libspice-client-gtk-3_0-5' 'libspice-controller0' 'libspice-server-devel' 'libspice-server1' 'libspiro-devel' 'libspiro0' 'libspnav-devel' 'libspnav0' 'libspqr-2_0_1' 'libsqlcipher-3_11_0-0' 'libsqlite3-0' 'libsqlite3-0-32bit' 'libsratom-0-0' 'libsratom-0-0-32bit' 'libsratom-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libsratom-0-devel' 'libsrecord0' 'libsrtp-devel' 'libsrtp1' 'libsrtp1-32bit' 'libsrtp2-1' 'libsrtp2-1-32bit' 'libsrtp2-devel' 'libssh-devel' 'libssh-devel-doc' 'libssh2-1' 'libssh2-1-32bit' 'libssh2-devel' 'libssh4' 'libssh4-32bit' 'libssl43' 'libssl43-32bit' 'libssr-glinject' 'libssr-glinject-32bit' 'libssr-glinject-debuginfo' 'libsss_idmap-devel' 'libsss_idmap0' 'libsss_nss_idmap-devel' 'libsss_nss_idmap0' 'libsss_sudo' 'libstaroffice-0_0-0' 'libstaroffice-devel' 'libstaroffice-devel-doc' 'libstaroffice-tools' 'libstartup-notification-1-0' 'libstartup-notification-1-0-32bit' 'libstatgrab-devel' 'libstatgrab-devel-32bit' 'libstatgrab6' 'libstatgrab6-32bit' 'libstdc++-devel' 'libstdc++-devel-32bit' 'libstdc++48-devel' 'libstdc++48-devel-32bit' 'libstdc++48-doc' 'libstdc++6' 'libstdc++6-32bit' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc5' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc5-32bit' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc6' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc6-32bit' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc7' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc7-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc48' 'libstdc++6-gcc48-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc48-locale' 'libstdc++6-gcc5' 'libstdc++6-gcc5-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc5-locale' 'libstdc++6-gcc6' 'libstdc++6-gcc6-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc6-locale' 'libstdc++6-locale' 'libstfl-devel' 'libstfl0' 'libstilview-devel' 'libstilview0' 'libstk-devel' 'libstk4' 'libstk4-debuginfo' 'libstoken1' 'libstorage-devel' 'libstorage-python' 'libstorage-ruby' 'libstorage-testsuite' 'libstorage7' 'libstoragemgmt' 'libstoragemgmt-devel' 'libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-netapp-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-nstor-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-targetd-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-udev' 'libstoragemgmt1' 'libstp2_1' 'libstroke' 'libstroke-devel' 'libstrophe-devel' 'libstrophe0' 'libsuil-0-0' 'libsuil-0-0-debuginfo' 'libsuitesparseconfig-4_4_5' 'libsunpinyin3' 'libsuperlu5' 'libsuperlu5-32bit' 'libsvn_auth_gnome_keyring-1-0' 'libsvn_auth_kwallet-1-0' 'libsvrcore0' 'libsvrcore0-32bit' 'libsword-1_7_4' 'libswresample-2.8-devel' 'libswresample-3.2-devel' 'libswresample-devel' 'libswresample1' 'libswresample1-32bit' 'libswresample1-debuginfo' 'libswresample1-debuginfo-32bit' 'libswresample2' 'libswresample2-32bit' 'libswresample2-debuginfo' 'libswresample2-debuginfo-32bit' 'libswscale-2.8-devel' 'libswscale-3.2-devel' 'libswscale-devel' 'libswscale3' 'libswscale3-32bit' 'libswscale3-debuginfo' 'libswscale3-debuginfo-32bit' 'libswscale4' 'libswscale4-32bit' 'libswscale4-debuginfo' 'libswscale4-debuginfo-32bit' 'libsynce-devel' 'libsynce0' 'libsynctex1' 'libsynfig0' 'libsynfig0-debuginfo' 'libsynfigapp0' 'libsynfigapp0-debuginfo' 'libsysstat-qt5-0' 'libsysstat-qt5-devel' 'libsystemd0' 'libsystemd0-32bit' 'libsystemd0-mini' 'libt3config-devel' 'libt3config0' 'libt3highlight-devel' 'libt3highlight-utils' 'libt3highlight1' 'libt3key-devel' 'libt3key-utils' 'libt3key1' 'libt3widget-devel' 'libt3widget1' 'libt3window-devel' 'libt3window0' 'libtachyon-0_99b6' 'libtachyon-devel' 'libtag-devel' 'libtag-extras1' 'libtag1' 'libtag1-32bit' 'libtag_c0' 'libtag_c0-32bit' 'libtaginfo-devel' 'libtaginfo1' 'libtaginfo1-32bit' 'libtalloc-devel' 'libtalloc2' 'libtalloc2-32bit' 'libtar' 'libtar-devel' 'libtar1' 'libtasn1' 'libtasn1' 'libtasn1-6' 'libtasn1-6-32bit' 'libtasn1-devel' 'libtasn1-devel-32bit' 'libtbb2' 'libtbbmalloc2' 'libtcmalloc4' 'libtcmu-devel' 'libtcmu1' 'libtcnative-1-0' 'libtcnative-1-0-devel' 'libtcti-device0' 'libtcti-socket0' 'libtdb-devel' 'libtdb1' 'libtdb1-32bit' 'libtdsodbc0' 'libteam-devel' 'libteam-tools' 'libteam5' 'libteamdctl0' 'libtecla_r1' 'libtelepathy-farstream3' 'libtelepathy-farstream3-32bit' 'libtelepathy-glib0' 'libtelepathy-glib0-32bit' 'libtelepathy-logger-qt5' 'libtelepathy-logger3' 'libtelepathy-qt4-2' 'libtelepathy-qt4-farstream2' 'libtelepathy-qt5-0' 'libtelepathy-qt5-0-32bit' 'libtelepathy-qt5-farstream0' 'libtelepathy-qt5-farstream0-32bit' 'libtermkey-devel' 'libtermkey1' 'libtesseract3' 'libtevent-devel' 'libtevent-util-devel' 'libtevent-util0' 'libtevent-util0-32bit' 'libtevent0' 'libtevent0-32bit' 'libtexlua52-5' 'libtexluajit2' 'libthai-data' 'libthai-devel' 'libthai0' 'libthai0-32bit' 'libtheora-devel' 'libtheora0' 'libtheora0-32bit' 'libtheoradec1' 'libtheoradec1-32bit' 'libtheoraenc1' 'libtheoraenc1-32bit' 'libthrift-0_9_2' 'libthrift-devel' 'libthunarx-2-0' 'libtidy-0_99-0' 'libtidy-0_99-0-devel' 'libtidyp-1_04-0' 'libtidyp-devel' 'libtiff-devel' 'libtiff-devel-32bit' 'libtiff5' 'libtiff5-32bit' 'libtiled1' 'libtimidity-0_1-0' 'libtimidity-0_1-0-32bit' 'libtimidity-devel' 'libtinyb0' 'libtinygettext0' 'libtinyxml0' 'libtinyxml2-3' 'libtinyxml2-3-debuginfo' 'libtirpc-devel' 'libtirpc-netconfig' 'libtirpc3' 'libtirpc3-32bit' 'libtls15' 'libtls15-32bit' 'libtntdb-devel' 'libtntdb4' 'libtntnet-devel' 'libtntnet12' 'libtntnet12-debuginfo' 'libtokyocabinet-devel' 'libtokyocabinet9' 'libtolua++-5_1-1' 'libtolua++-5_1-devel' 'libtolua-devel' 'libtolua5' 'libtolua5-debuginfo' 'libtomahawk-devel' 'libtomahawk-playdarapi0_8_4' 'libtomahawk-plugins' 'libtomahawk-plugins-telepathy' 'libtomahawk-plugins-telepathy-kde' 'libtomahawk-widgets0_8_4' 'libtomahawk0_8_4' 'libtomcrypt-devel' 'libtomcrypt-examples' 'libtomcrypt0' 'libtommath-devel' 'libtommath-examples' 'libtommath1' 'libtommath1-32bit' 'libtomoe-gtk0' 'libtool' 'libtool' 'libtool-32bit' 'libtool-testsuite' 'libtorrent-devel' 'libtorrent-rasterbar-devel' 'libtorrent-rasterbar-doc' 'libtorrent-rasterbar9' 'libtorrent18' 'libtotem-plparser-mini18' 'libtotem-plparser18' 'libtowitoko2' 'libtpl-extensions3' 'libtpm_unseal1' 'libtpms-devel' 'libtpms0' 'libtracker-common-1_0' 'libtracker-control-1_0-0' 'libtracker-miner-1_0-0' 'libtracker-sparql-1_0-0' 'libtranscript-devel' 'libtranscript1' 'libtranslate-devel' 'libtranslate-progs' 'libtranslate0' 'libtre5' 'libts-1_0-0' 'libts-1_0-0-32bit' 'libtsan0' 'libtsan0-gcc48' 'libtsan0-gcc5' 'libtsan0-gcc6' 'libtsk10' 'libtsm-devel' 'libtsm3' 'libtspi1' 'libtspi1-32bit' 'libttf2' 'libttf2-32bit' 'libtumbler-1-0' 'libtunepimp' 'libtunepimp-devel' 'libtunepimp5' 'libtunepimp5-32bit' 'libturbojpeg0' 'libturbojpeg0-32bit' 'libturpial' 'libtwolame-devel' 'libtwolame0' 'libtwolame0-32bit' 'libtwolame0-debuginfo' 'libtwolame0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libtxc_dxtn' 'libtxc_dxtn' 'libtxc_dxtn-32bit' 'libtxc_dxtn-debuginfo' 'libtxc_dxtn-debugsource' 'libtxc_dxtn-devel' 'libu2f-host-devel' 'libu2f-host-doc' 'libu2f-host0' 'libu2f-server-devel' 'libu2f-server-doc' 'libu2f-server0' 'libubsan0' 'libubsan0-32bit' 'libubsan0-gcc5' 'libubsan0-gcc5-32bit' 'libubsan0-gcc6' 'libubsan0-gcc6-32bit' 'libuchardet-devel' 'libuchardet0' 'libuchardet0-32bit' 'libuchardet0-debuginfo' 'libucil-devel' 'libucil-doc' 'libucil2' 'libucl1' 'libucl1-devel' 'libucm-devel' 'libucm0' 'libucommon7' 'libucp-devel' 'libucp0' 'libucpp13' 'libucs-devel' 'libucs0' 'libuct-devel' 'libuct0' 'libudev-devel' 'libudev-mini-devel' 'libudev-mini1' 'libudev1' 'libudev1-32bit' 'libudf0' 'libudf0-32bit' 'libudisks2-0' 'libudt0' 'libudt0-debuginfo' 'libuhd003' 'libuhttpmock-0_0-0' 'libulockmgr1' 'libumfpack-5_7_1' 'libuna-devel' 'libuna-tools' 'libuna1' 'libunbound-devel-mini' 'libunbound2' 'libunibilium0' 'libunibreak-devel' 'libunibreak3' 'libunicap-devel' 'libunicap2' 'libunicap2-32bit' 'libuninameslist-devel' 'libuninameslist0' 'libunique-1_0-0' 'libunique-3_0-0' 'libunique-devel' 'libunique1-devel' 'libuniraum0' 'libuniraum0-debuginfo' 'libunistring' 'libunistring-devel' 'libunistring-devel-32bit' 'libunistring0' 'libunistring0-32bit' 'libunity-gtk-parser-devel' 'libunity-gtk2-parser0' 'libunity-gtk2-parser0-32bit' 'libunity-gtk3-parser0' 'libunity-gtk3-parser0-32bit' 'libunrar-devel' 'libunrar5_5_5' 'libunshield-devel' 'libunshield1_3' 'libunwind' 'libunwind' 'libunwind-32bit' 'libunwind-debuginfo-32bit' 'libunwind-devel' 'libunwind-devel-32bit' 'libupnp-devel' 'libupnp6' 'libupnp6-32bit' 'libupower-glib-devel' 'libupower-glib3' 'libupsclient1' 'liburcu-devel' 'liburcu0' 'liburfkill-glib-devel' 'liburfkill-glib0' 'liburiparser-devel' 'liburiparser1' 'liburiparser1-32bit' 'libusb-0_1-4' 'libusb-0_1-4-32bit' 'libusb-1_0-0' 'libusb-1_0-0-32bit' 'libusb-1_0-devel' 'libusb-1_0-devel-32bit' 'libusb-compat-devel' 'libusbg-devel' 'libusbg-tools' 'libusbg0' 'libusbgx-devel' 'libusbgx-tools' 'libusbgx1' 'libusbmuxd-devel' 'libusbmuxd4' 'libusbmuxd4-32bit' 'libusbprog0' 'libusbredirhost1' 'libusbredirparser1' 'libuser' 'libuser-devel' 'libuser-lang' 'libuser-python' 'libuser1' 'libustr-1_0-1' 'libustr-1_0-1-32bit' 'libustr-devel' 'libustr-devel-static' 'libutempter0' 'libutempter0-32bit' 'libutf8proc1' 'libuuid-devel' 'libuuid-devel-32bit' 'libuuid-devel-static' 'libuuid1' 'libuuid1-32bit' 'libuv-devel' 'libuv1' 'libv4l' 'libv4l-32bit' 'libv4l-devel' 'libv4l-devel-32bit' 'libv4l1-0' 'libv4l1-0-32bit' 'libv4l2-0' 'libv4l2-0-32bit' 'libv4l2rds0' 'libv4l2rds0-32bit' 'libv4lconvert0' 'libv4lconvert0-32bit' 'libv8-5' 'libva-devel' 'libva-devel-32bit' 'libva-drm1' 'libva-drm1-32bit' 'libva-egl1' 'libva-egl1-32bit' 'libva-gl-devel' 'libva-gl-devel-32bit' 'libva-glx1' 'libva-glx1-32bit' 'libva-vdpau-driver' 'libva-wayland1' 'libva-wayland1-32bit' 'libva-x11-1' 'libva-x11-1-32bit' 'libva1' 'libva1-32bit' 'libvacuumutils17' 'libvala-0_32-0' 'libvala-0_32-devel' 'libvamp-hostsdk3' 'libvamp-hostsdk3-32bit' 'libvamp-sdk2' 'libvamp-sdk2-32bit' 'libvarnishapi1' 'libvcdinfo0' 'libvcdinfo0-32bit' 'libvdehist0' 'libvdehist0-devel' 'libvdemgmt0' 'libvdemgmt0-devel' 'libvdeplug3' 'libvdeplug3-devel' 'libvdesnmp0' 'libvdesnmp0-devel' 'libvdpau-devel' 'libvdpau-devel-32bit' 'libvdpau1' 'libvdpau1-32bit' 'libvdpau_nouveau' 'libvdpau_nouveau-32bit' 'libvdpau_r300' 'libvdpau_r300-32bit' 'libvdpau_r600' 'libvdpau_r600-32bit' 'libvdpau_radeonsi' 'libvdpau_radeonsi-32bit' 'libvdpau_trace1' 'libvdpau_trace1-32bit' 'libvdpau_va_gl1' 'libvdpau_va_gl1-32bit' 'libventrilo3-0' 'libventrilo3-devel' 'libverto-devel' 'libverto-glib-devel' 'libverto-glib1' 'libverto-libev-devel' 'libverto-libev1' 'libverto-libev1-32bit' 'libverto-tevent-devel' 'libverto-tevent1' 'libverto1' 'libverto1-32bit' 'libvhdi-devel' 'libvhdi-tools' 'libvhdi1' 'libvidstab-devel' 'libvidstab0_9' 'libvidstab0_9-debuginfo' 'libvigraimpex5' 'libvigraimpex5-32bit' 'libvips-devel' 'libvips42' 'libvirglrenderer0' 'libvirt' 'libvirt' 'libvirt-admin' 'libvirt-cim' 'libvirt-cim' 'libvirt-client' 'libvirt-daemon' 'libvirt-daemon-config-network' 'libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-interface' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-libxl' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-lxc' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-network' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-secret' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-uml' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-vbox' 'libvirt-daemon-hooks' 'libvirt-daemon-lxc' 'libvirt-daemon-qemu' 'libvirt-daemon-uml' 'libvirt-daemon-vbox' 'libvirt-daemon-xen' 'libvirt-devel' 'libvirt-devel-32bit' 'libvirt-doc' 'libvirt-glib-1_0-0' 'libvirt-glib-devel' 'libvirt-libs' 'libvirt-lock-sanlock' 'libvirt-nss' 'libvirt-python' 'libvirt-sandbox-1_0-5' 'libvirt-sandbox-devel' 'libvisio' 'libvisio-0_1-1' 'libvisio-devel' 'libvisio-devel-doc' 'libvisio-tools' 'libvisual' 'libvisual-32bit' 'libvisual-devel' 'libvisual-plugins' 'libvlc-gtk0' 'libvlc-gtk0-debuginfo' 'libvlc5' 'libvlc5-debuginfo' 'libvlc6' 'libvlc6-debuginfo' 'libvlccore8' 'libvlccore8-debuginfo' 'libvlccore9' 'libvlccore9-debuginfo' 'libvmdk-devel' 'libvmdk-tools' 'libvmdk1' 'libvmem-devel' 'libvmem1' 'libvmime-devel' 'libvmime1' 'libvmime_zarafa7-0' 'libvmime_zarafa7-devel' 'libvmmalloc-devel' 'libvmmalloc1' 'libvmtools-devel' 'libvmtools0' 'libvncclient0' 'libvncserver0' 'libvo-aacenc-devel' 'libvo-aacenc0' 'libvo-aacenc0-32bit' 'libvo-aacenc0-debuginfo' 'libvo-aacenc0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libvo-amrwbenc-devel' 'libvo-amrwbenc0' 'libvo-amrwbenc0-32bit' 'libvo-amrwbenc0-debuginfo' 'libvo-amrwbenc0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libvoikko-devel' 'libvoikko1' 'libvoikko1-32bit' 'libvolk1_3' 'libvorbis' 'libvorbis-devel' 'libvorbis-doc' 'libvorbis0' 'libvorbis0-32bit' 'libvorbisenc2' 'libvorbisenc2-32bit' 'libvorbisfile3' 'libvorbisfile3-32bit' 'libvotca_tools2' 'libvpd2' 'libvpd2-32bit' 'libvpd2-devel' 'libvpd2-devel-32bit' 'libvpx' 'libvpx-devel' 'libvpx1' 'libvpx1-32bit' 'libvshadow-devel' 'libvshadow-tools' 'libvshadow1' 'libvslvm-devel' 'libvslvm-tools' 'libvslvm1' 'libvsqlitepp3' 'libvte-2_91-0' 'libvte9' 'libvterm-devel' 'libvterm-tools' 'libvterm0' 'libvulkan1' 'libwacom-data' 'libwacom-devel' 'libwacom-tools' 'libwacom2' 'libwacom2-32bit' 'libwaffle-1-0' 'libwaltham0' 'libwapcaplet-devel' 'libwapcaplet0' 'libwavpack1' 'libwavpack1-32bit' 'libwayland-client0' 'libwayland-client0-32bit' 'libwayland-cursor0' 'libwayland-cursor0-32bit' 'libwayland-egl-devel' 'libwayland-egl1' 'libwayland-egl1-32bit' 'libwayland-server0' 'libwayland-server0-32bit' 'libwbclient-devel' 'libwbclient0' 'libwbclient0-32bit' 'libwbxml2-1' 'libwbxml2-devel' 'libwcs5' 'libwebcam-devel' 'libwebcam0' 'libwebkit2gtk-4_0-37' 'libwebkit2gtk-4_0-37-32bit' 'libwebkit2gtk3-lang' 'libwebkitgtk-1_0-0' 'libwebkitgtk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libwebkitgtk-3_0-0' 'libwebkitgtk-3_0-0-32bit' 'libwebkitgtk-devel' 'libwebkitgtk2-lang' 'libwebkitgtk3-devel' 'libwebkitgtk3-lang' 'libwebp-devel' 'libwebp-tools' 'libwebp5' 'libwebp5-32bit' 'libwebpdecoder1' 'libwebpdecoder1-32bit' 'libwebpdemux1' 'libwebpdemux1-32bit' 'libwebpmux1' 'libwebpmux1-32bit' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing-devel' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing-devel-static' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1-32bit' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1-debuginfo' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1-debuginfo-32bit' 'libweed-devel' 'libweed0' 'libweed0-debuginfo' 'libwicked-0-6' 'libwiiuse0' 'libwlc0' 'libwmf-0_2-7' 'libwmf-0_2-7-32bit' 'libwmf-devel' 'libwmf-gnome' 'libwmf-gnome-32bit' 'libwmf-tools' 'libwnck-1-22' 'libwnck-1-22-32bit' 'libwnck-3-0' 'libwnck-3-0-32bit' 'libwnck-devel' 'libwnck-lang' 'libwnck-tools' 'libwnck2-devel' 'libwnck2-lang' 'libwnn0' 'libwpd' 'libwpd-0_10-10' 'libwpd-devel' 'libwpd-devel-doc' 'libwpd-tools' 'libwpg-0_3-3' 'libwpg-devel' 'libwpg-devel-doc' 'libwpg-tools' 'libwps' 'libwps-0_4-4' 'libwps-devel' 'libwps-tools' 'libwrap0' 'libwrap0-32bit' 'libwrc-devel' 'libwrc-tools' 'libwrc1' 'libwslay0' 'libwsman-devel' 'libwsman3' 'libwsman_clientpp-devel' 'libwsman_clientpp1' 'libwtdbomysql38' 'libwtdbopostgres38' 'libwv-1_2-3' 'libwv2-4' 'libwx_base-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_baseu-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_baseu-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_baseu-suse1' 'libwx_baseu-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse1' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse1' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse1-32bit' 'libwxcode_gtk2u_wxsqlite3-3_0-0' 'libwxcode_gtk2u_wxsqlite3-3_0-0-debuginfo' 'libwxlua' 'libwxstedit-wx30gtk2u-1_6_0' 'libwxsvg-devel' 'libwxsvg3' 'libwxsvg3-debuginfo' 'libx264' 'libx264-148' 'libx264-148-32bit' 'libx264-148-debuginfo' 'libx264-148-debuginfo-32bit' 'libx264-debugsource' 'libx264-devel' 'libx264-x264' 'libx264-x264-debugsource' 'libx265-116' 'libx265-116-32bit' 'libx265-116-debuginfo' 'libx265-116-debuginfo-32bit' 'libx265-devel' 'libx86-1' 'libx86-devel' 'libx86-devel-static' 'libx86emu-devel' 'libx86emu1' 'libxalan-c-devel' 'libxalan-c111' 'libxapian-devel' 'libxapian22' 'libxapian22-32bit' 'libxapp-devel' 'libxapp1' 'libxapp1-32bit' 'libxar-devel' 'libxar1' 'libxatracker-devel' 'libxatracker2' 'libxbsql0' 'libxcb' 'libxcb-composite0' 'libxcb-composite0-32bit' 'libxcb-cursor0' 'libxcb-cursor0-32bit' 'libxcb-damage0' 'libxcb-damage0-32bit' 'libxcb-devel' 'libxcb-devel-32bit' 'libxcb-devel-doc' 'libxcb-dpms0' 'libxcb-dpms0-32bit' 'libxcb-dri2-0' 'libxcb-dri2-0-32bit' 'libxcb-dri3-0' 'libxcb-dri3-0-32bit' 'libxcb-errors0' 'libxcb-errors0-32bit' 'libxcb-ewmh2' 'libxcb-ewmh2-32bit' 'libxcb-glx0' 'libxcb-glx0-32bit' 'libxcb-icccm4' 'libxcb-icccm4-32bit' 'libxcb-image0' 'libxcb-image0-32bit' 'libxcb-keysyms1' 'libxcb-keysyms1-32bit' 'libxcb-present0' 'libxcb-present0-32bit' 'libxcb-randr0' 'libxcb-randr0-32bit' 'libxcb-record0' 'libxcb-record0-32bit' 'libxcb-render-util0' 'libxcb-render-util0-32bit' 'libxcb-render0' 'libxcb-render0-32bit' 'libxcb-res0' 'libxcb-res0-32bit' 'libxcb-screensaver0' 'libxcb-screensaver0-32bit' 'libxcb-shape0' 'libxcb-shape0-32bit' 'libxcb-shm0' 'libxcb-shm0-32bit' 'libxcb-sync1' 'libxcb-sync1-32bit' 'libxcb-util1' 'libxcb-util1-32bit' 'libxcb-xevie0' 'libxcb-xevie0-32bit' 'libxcb-xf86dri0' 'libxcb-xf86dri0-32bit' 'libxcb-xfixes0' 'libxcb-xfixes0-32bit' 'libxcb-xinerama0' 'libxcb-xinerama0-32bit' 'libxcb-xkb1' 'libxcb-xkb1-32bit' 'libxcb-xprint0' 'libxcb-xprint0-32bit' 'libxcb-xrm0' 'libxcb-xtest0' 'libxcb-xtest0-32bit' 'libxcb-xv0' 'libxcb-xv0-32bit' 'libxcb-xvmc0' 'libxcb-xvmc0-32bit' 'libxcb1' 'libxcb1-32bit' 'libxdg-app0' 'libxdg-basedir-devel' 'libxdg-basedir1' 'libxerces-c-3_1' 'libxerces-c-3_1-32bit' 'libxerces-c-devel' 'libxfce4panel-1_0-4' 'libxfce4panel-2_0-4' 'libxfce4ui-1-0' 'libxfce4ui-2-0' 'libxfce4ui-branding-openSUSE' 'libxfce4ui-branding-upstream' 'libxfce4ui-devel' 'libxfce4ui-doc' 'libxfce4ui-lang' 'libxfce4ui-tools' 'libxfce4util-devel' 'libxfce4util-lang' 'libxfce4util-tools' 'libxfce4util7' 'libxfconf-0-2' 'libxfconf-devel' 'libxflaim' 'libxflaim-devel' 'libxfsm-4_6-0' 'libxine-devel' 'libxine2' 'libxine2-32bit' 'libxine2-aa' 'libxine2-aa-debuginfo' 'libxine2-codecs' 'libxine2-debuginfo' 'libxine2-directfb' 'libxine2-directfb-debuginfo' 'libxine2-esd' 'libxine2-esd-debuginfo' 'libxine2-gnome-vfs' 'libxine2-gnome-vfs-debuginfo' 'libxine2-jack' 'libxine2-jack-debuginfo' 'libxine2-pulse' 'libxine2-pulse-debuginfo' 'libxine2-sdl' 'libxine2-sdl-debuginfo' 'libxkbcommon-devel' 'libxkbcommon-devel-32bit' 'libxkbcommon-x11-0' 'libxkbcommon-x11-0-32bit' 'libxkbcommon-x11-devel' 'libxkbcommon-x11-devel-32bit' 'libxkbcommon0' 'libxkbcommon0-32bit' 'libxkbfile-devel' 'libxkbfile-devel-32bit' 'libxkbfile1' 'libxkbfile1-32bit' 'libxkbui-devel' 'libxkbui-devel-32bit' 'libxkbui1' 'libxkbui1-32bit' 'libxklavier-devel' 'libxklavier-doc' 'libxklavier16' 'libxklavier16-32bit' 'libxmi0' 'libxml++-2_6-2' 'libxml++-2_6-2-32bit' 'libxml++-2_6-2-debuginfo' 'libxml++-devel' 'libxml++26' 'libxml++26-debugsource' 'libxml++26-devel' 'libxml-security-c-devel' 'libxml-security-c17' 'libxml2' 'libxml2-2' 'libxml2-2-32bit' 'libxml2-devel' 'libxml2-devel-32bit' 'libxml2-doc' 'libxml2-tools' 'libxmlrpc++8' 'libxmlrpc3' 'libxmlrpc_abyss3' 'libxmlrpc_client++8' 'libxmlrpc_client3' 'libxmlrpc_cpp8' 'libxmlrpc_packetsocket8' 'libxmlrpc_server++8' 'libxmlrpc_server3' 'libxmlrpc_server_abyss++8' 'libxmlrpc_server_abyss3' 'libxmlrpc_server_cgi++8' 'libxmlrpc_server_cgi3' 'libxmlrpc_server_pstream++8' 'libxmlrpc_util3' 'libxmlsec1-1' 'libxmlsec1-1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-devel' 'libxmlsec1-gcrypt-devel' 'libxmlsec1-gcrypt1' 'libxmlsec1-gcrypt1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-gnutls-devel' 'libxmlsec1-gnutls1' 'libxmlsec1-gnutls1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-nss-devel' 'libxmlsec1-nss1' 'libxmlsec1-nss1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-openssl-devel' 'libxmlsec1-openssl1' 'libxmlsec1-openssl1-debuginfo' 'libxmltooling-devel' 'libxmltooling6' 'libxmmsclient++-glib1' 'libxmmsclient++4' 'libxmmsclient-glib1' 'libxmmsclient6' 'libxmp-devel' 'libxmp4' 'libxnoise-devel' 'libxnoise0' 'libxpaintrw0' 'libxpaintrw0-debuginfo' 'libxplayer-plparser-mini18' 'libxplayer-plparser-mini18-32bit' 'libxplayer-plparser18' 'libxplayer-plparser18-32bit' 'libxreaderdocument3' 'libxreaderview3' 'libxshmfence-devel' 'libxshmfence1' 'libxshmfence1-32bit' 'libxslt-devel' 'libxslt-devel-32bit' 'libxslt-python' 'libxslt-tools' 'libxslt1' 'libxslt1-32bit' 'libxspf-devel' 'libxspf4' 'libxtables-devel' 'libxtables10' 'libxtract-devel' 'libxtract0' 'libxtract0' 'libxtract0-debuginfo' 'libxtract0-debugsource' 'libxvidcore-devel' 'libxvidcore4' 'libxvidcore4-32bit' 'libxvidcore4-debuginfo' 'libxvidcore4-debuginfo-32bit' 'libxy3' 'libyajl-devel' 'libyajl-devel-32bit' 'libyajl-devel-static' 'libyajl2' 'libyajl2-32bit' 'libyami-devel' 'libyami-utils' 'libyami1' 'libyaml-0-2' 'libyaml-cpp0_5' 'libyaml-devel' 'libyara-devel' 'libyara3' 'libyaz-devel' 'libyaz-devel-32bit' 'libyaz5' 'libyaz5-32bit' 'libyelp0' 'libykclient-devel' 'libykclient3' 'libykneomgr-devel' 'libykneomgr-doc' 'libykneomgr0' 'libykpers-1-1' 'libykpers-devel' 'libykpiv-devel' 'libykpiv1' 'libyubikey-devel' 'libyubikey-tools' 'libyubikey0' 'libyui-devel' 'libyui-doc' 'libyui-ncurses-devel' 'libyui-ncurses-doc' 'libyui-ncurses-pkg-devel' 'libyui-ncurses-pkg-doc' 'libyui-ncurses-pkg7' 'libyui-ncurses7' 'libyui-qt' 'libyui-qt-devel' 'libyui-qt-doc' 'libyui-qt-doc' 'libyui-qt-graph-devel' 'libyui-qt-graph-doc' 'libyui-qt-graph7' 'libyui-qt-pkg-devel' 'libyui-qt-pkg-doc' 'libyui-qt-pkg7' 'libyui-qt7' 'libyui7' 'libz1' 'libz1-32bit' 'libz3-4_5' 'libzapojit-0_0-0' 'libzapojit-devel' 'libzbar-devel' 'libzbar0' 'libzbar0-32bit' 'libzbargtk-devel' 'libzbargtk0' 'libzbargtk0-32bit' 'libzbarqt-devel' 'libzbarqt0' 'libzbarqt0-32bit' 'libzbc-devel' 'libzbc-gui' 'libzbc-tools' 'libzbc2' 'libzebra1' 'libzeitgeist-1_0-1' 'libzeitgeist-1_0-1-32bit' 'libzeitgeist-2_0-0' 'libzeitgeist-devel' 'libzen' 'libzen-debugsource' 'libzen-devel' 'libzen0' 'libzen0-32bit' 'libzen0-debuginfo' 'libzhuyin-data' 'libzhuyin-devel' 'libzhuyin7' 'libzimg' 'libzimg-debugsource' 'libzimg-devel' 'libzimg2' 'libzimg2-debuginfo' 'libzinnia0' 'libzio-devel' 'libzio1' 'libzio1-32bit' 'libzip' 'libzip' 'libzip-devel' 'libzip2' 'libzip2-32bit' 'libzipios0' 'libzipios0-debuginfo' 'libzmf' 'libzmf-0_0-0' 'libzmf-devel' 'libzmf-devel-doc' 'libzmf-tools' 'libzmq5' 'libzn_poly-0_9' 'libzopfli-devel' 'libzopfli1' 'libzopflipng1' 'libzrtpcpp' 'libzrtpcpp-debugsource' 'libzrtpcpp-devel' 'libzrtpcpp4' 'libzrtpcpp4-debuginfo' 'libzsolve0' 'libzstd-devel' 'libzstd-devel-static' 'libzstd1' 'libzvbi0' 'libzvbi0-32bit' 'libzypp' 'libzypp' 'libzypp-devel' 'libzypp-devel-doc' 'libzypp-plugin-appdata' 'libzypp-testsuite-tools' 'libzzip-0-13' 'libzzip-0-13-32bit' 'licq' 'licq-devel' 'licq-kde4-gui' 'licq-lang' 'licq-qt4-gui' 'licq-qt4-gui-data' 'lifecycle-data' 'lifecycle-data-openSUSE' 'lifelines' 'liferea' 'liferea-lang' 'light-locker' 'light-locker-lang' 'lightdm' 'lightdm-gobject-devel' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter-branding-openSUSE' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter-branding-upstream' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter-lang' 'lightdm-lang' 'lightdm-qt-devel' 'lightdm-qt5-devel' 'lightdm-slick-greeter' 'lightdm-slick-greeter-branding-openSUSE' 'lightdm-slick-greeter-branding-upstream' 'lightdm-slick-greeter-lang' 'lightsoff' 'lightsoff-lang' 'lightspark' 'lightspark' 'lightspark-debuginfo' 'lightspark-debugsource' 'lightspark-lang' 'lightspark-plugin' 'lightspark-plugin-debuginfo' 'lighttpd' 'lighttpd-mod_authn_gssapi' 'lighttpd-mod_authn_ldap' 'lighttpd-mod_authn_mysql' 'lighttpd-mod_cml' 'lighttpd-mod_geoip' 'lighttpd-mod_magnet' 'lighttpd-mod_mysql_vhost' 'lighttpd-mod_rrdtool' 'lighttpd-mod_trigger_b4_dl' 'lighttpd-mod_webdav' 'lilo' 'lilv' 'lilv' 'lilypond' 'lilypond-century-schoolbook-l-fonts' 'lilypond-doc' 'lilypond-doc-cs' 'lilypond-doc-de' 'lilypond-doc-es' 'lilypond-doc-fr' 'lilypond-doc-hu' 'lilypond-doc-it' 'lilypond-doc-ja' 'lilypond-doc-nl' 'lilypond-doc-zh' 'lilypond-emmentaler-fonts' 'lilypond-fonts-common' 'link-grammar' 'link-grammar-devel' 'linkchecker' 'linkloop' 'links' 'linphone' 'linphone' 'linphone-debuginfo' 'linphone-debugsource' 'linphone-devel' 'linphone-lang' 'linux-atm' 'linux-atm-devel' 'linux-ftools' 'linux-glibc-devel' 'linux-libertine-fonts' 'linux32' 'linux_pcnfsd2' 'linuxconsoletools' 'linuxptp' 'linuxrc' 'linuxrc-devtools' 'linuxsampler' 'linuxsampler' 'linuxsampler-debuginfo' 'linuxsampler-debugsource' 'linuxsampler-doc' 'linuxvnc' 'lio-mibs' 'lio-utils' 'lirc-config' 'lirc-core' 'lirc-devel' 'lirc-disable-kernel-rc' 'lirc-drv-portaudio' 'lirc-tools-gui' 'listres' 'lit' 'litetran' 'littleb-devel' 'littleb-examples' 'littlewizard' 'littlewizard-devel' 'littlewizard-examples' 'live-fat-stick' 'live-grub-stick' 'live-usb-gui' 'live555-devel' 'liveMedia' 'liveMedia' 'liveMedia-debuginfo' 'liveMedia-debugsource' 'livedtd' 'livestreamer' 'lklug-fonts' 'lksctp-tools' 'lksctp-tools-devel' 'llcbench' 'lldb' 'lldpd' 'lldpd' 'lldpd-devel' 'llmnrd' 'llvm' 'llvm-clang' 'llvm-clang-devel' 'llvm-devel' 'llvm-vim-plugins' 'lmarbles' 'lmdb' 'lmdb-devel' 'lmicc-account' 'lmicc-bin' 'lmicc-hardware' 'lmicc-libs' 'lmicc-network' 'lmicc-overview' 'lmicc-service' 'lmicc-software' 'lmms' 'lmms' 'lmms-debuginfo' 'lmms-debugsource' 'lmms-devel' 'lndir' 'lockdev' 'lockdev-devel' 'log4cplus-devel' 'log4cpp' 'log4cpp-debugsource' 'log4cpp-devel' 'log4cpp-doc' 'log4j' 'log4j-javadoc' 'log4j-manual' 'log4j-mini' 'log4net' 'logdigest' 'logrotate' 'logrotate' 'logstalgia' 'logtail' 'logwarn' 'logwarn-nagios-plugin' 'logwatch' 'lokalize' 'lokalize-lang' 'lollypop' 'lollypop-portal' 'lomoco' 'lomt-blackout-fonts' 'lomt-chunk-fonts' 'lomt-fanwood-fonts' 'lomt-goudybookletter-fonts' 'lomt-junction-fonts' 'lomt-knewave-fonts' 'lomt-leaguegothic-fonts' 'lomt-lindenhill-fonts' 'lomt-orbitron-fonts' 'lomt-ostrichsans-fonts' 'lomt-prociono-fonts' 'lomt-script1-fonts' 'lomt-sniglet-fonts' 'lomt-sortsmillgoudy-fonts' 'lonote' 'loook' 'loudmouth-devel' 'loudmouth-doc' 'love' 'love' 'love-0_7_2' 'love-debuginfo' 'love-debugsource' 'lowpan-tools' 'lowpan-tools-devel' 'lowpan-tools-tests' 'lpairs' 'lpe' 'lprof' 'lpsolve' 'lpsolve-devel' 'lrcShow-X' 'lrcShow-X-lang' 'lrzip' 'lsb' 'lsb-release' 'lsb5' 'lsb5-core' 'lsb5-desktop' 'lsb5-imaging' 'lsb5-languages' 'lsdvd' 'lsdvd' 'lsdvd-debuginfo' 'lsdvd-debugsource' 'lshw' 'lshw-gui' 'lskat' 'lsof' 'lsscsi' 'lsscsi' 'lswm' 'lsyncd' 'ltrace' 'ltrace-32bit' 'lttng-modules' 'lttng-modules-kmp-default' 'lttng-tools' 'lttng-tools-devel' 'lttng-ust' 'lttng-ust-devel' 'lttng-ust-docs' 'ltxml' 'ltxml-devel' 'lua' 'lua-devel' 'lua-doc' 'lua-lgi' 'lua-lgi-doc' 'lua-libguestfs' 'lua-libprelude' 'lua-lmod' 'lua-lmod-doc' 'lua-luafilesystem' 'lua-luaposix' 'lua-luaposix-doc' 'lua-luaterm' 'lua-rrdtool' 'lua51' 'lua51' 'lua51-BitOp' 'lua51-BitOp-doc' 'lua51-LPeg' 'lua51-LPeg-doc' 'lua51-MessagePack' 'lua51-devel' 'lua51-doc' 'lua51-luaexpat' 'lua51-luafilesystem' 'lua51-luajit' 'lua51-luajit-devel' 'lua51-luasec' 'lua51-luasocket' 'lua51-mpack' 'luabind-devel' 'luasocket' 'lucene++-devel' 'lugaru' 'lugaru-data' 'luit' 'luvcview' 'lv' 'lv2' 'lv2-calf' 'lv2-calf-debuginfo' 'lv2-devel' 'lv2-examples' 'lv2-guitarix' 'lv2-linuxsampler' 'lv2-linuxsampler-debuginfo' 'lvm2' 'lvm2' 'lvm2-clvm' 'lvm2-cmirrord' 'lvm2-devel' 'lxappearance' 'lxappearance-devel' 'lxappearance-lang' 'lxappearance-obconf' 'lxappearance-obconf-lang' 'lxc' 'lxc' 'lxc-devel' 'lxcc' 'lxde' 'lxde-common' 'lxde-common-branding-openSUSE' 'lxde-common-branding-upstream' 'lxdm' 'lxdvdrip' 'lxdvdrip' 'lxdvdrip-debuginfo' 'lxdvdrip-debugsource' 'lximage-qt' 'lximage-qt-lang' 'lxinput' 'lxinput-lang' 'lxlauncher' 'lxmenu-data' 'lxmusic' 'lxmusic-lang' 'lxpanel' 'lxpanel-devel' 'lxpanel-lang' 'lxpanel-plugin-power-manager' 'lxqt' 'lxqt-about' 'lxqt-about-lang' 'lxqt-admin-lang' 'lxqt-build-tools-devel' 'lxqt-common' 'lxqt-config' 'lxqt-config-lang' 'lxqt-globalkeys' 'lxqt-globalkeys-devel' 'lxqt-globalkeys-lang' 'lxqt-l10n' 'lxqt-notificationd' 'lxqt-notificationd-lang' 'lxqt-openssh-askpass' 'lxqt-openssh-askpass-lang' 'lxqt-panel' 'lxqt-panel-devel' 'lxqt-panel-lang' 'lxqt-policykit' 'lxqt-policykit-lang' 'lxqt-powermanagement' 'lxqt-powermanagement-lang' 'lxqt-qtplugin' 'lxqt-runner' 'lxqt-runner-lang' 'lxqt-session' 'lxqt-session-lang' 'lxqt-sudo' 'lxqt-sudo-lang' 'lxqt-theme-openSUSE-default' 'lxqt-theme-openSUSE-leaper' 'lxqt-theme-openSUSE-light' 'lxrandr' 'lxrandr-lang' 'lxsession' 'lxshortcut' 'lxtask' 'lxtask-lang' 'lxterminal' 'lxterminal' 'lxterminal-lang' 'lynis' 'lynx' 'lynx' 'lyx' 'lz4' 'lzfse' 'lzip' 'lziprecover' 'lzlib-devel' 'lzo-devel' 'lzo-devel-32bit' 'lzop' 'm17n-db' 'm17n-lib' 'm17n-lib-devel' 'm4' 'mISDNuser' 'mISDNuser-devel' 'mac' 'mac-debuginfo' 'mac-robber' 'macchanger' 'machinery' 'machinery' 'machinery-doc' 'macrofusion' 'macrofusion' 'madplay' 'madplay' 'madplay-debuginfo' 'madplay-debugsource' 'madplay-lang' 'maelstrom' 'mail_server' 'mailcommon' 'mailcommon-devel' 'mailcommon-lang' 'mailgraph' 'mailimporter' 'mailimporter-devel' 'mailimporter-lang' 'mailman' 'mailnag' 'mailsync' 'mailx' 'maim' 'mairix' 'make' 'makedepend' 'makedev' 'makedumpfile' 'makedumpfile' 'makeinfo' 'makeinfo4' 'makemkv' 'makemkv' 'makeself' 'makewhat' 'malaga' 'malaga-suomi' 'mame' 'mame' 'mame-arcade' 'mame-arcade-debuginfo' 'mame-data' 'mame-debuginfo' 'mame-debugsource' 'mame-mess' 'mame-mess-debuginfo' 'mame-tools' 'mame-tools-debuginfo' 'man' 'man-pages' 'man-pages-de' 'man-pages-de' 'man-pages-fr' 'man-pages-fr-extra' 'man-pages-ja' 'man-pages-posix' 'man-pages-zh_CN' 'manchu-fonts' 'mandvd' 'mandvd' 'mandvd-debuginfo' 'mandvd-debugsource' 'mangler' 'mango-doc' 'manpageeditor' 'manufacturer-PPDs' 'marble' 'marble-data' 'marble-devel' 'marble-doc' 'marble-kde' 'marble-lang' 'marble-qt' 'marco' 'marco-devel' 'marco-lang' 'marco-themes' 'mariadb' 'mariadb' 'mariadb-bench' 'mariadb-client' 'mariadb-errormessages' 'mariadb-test' 'mariadb-tools' 'marisa' 'marisa-devel' 'markdown-unlit' 'master-boot-code' 'mate' 'mate-applet-appmenu' 'mate-applet-dock' 'mate-applet-indicator' 'mate-applet-indicator-lang' 'mate-applet-sensors' 'mate-applet-sensors-devel' 'mate-applet-sensors-lang' 'mate-applet-softupd' 'mate-applet-softupd-lang' 'mate-applets' 'mate-applets-lang' 'mate-backgrounds' 'mate-backgrounds-lang' 'mate-calc' 'mate-calc-lang' 'mate-common' 'mate-control-center' 'mate-control-center-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-control-center-branding-upstream' 'mate-control-center-devel' 'mate-control-center-lang' 'mate-desktop' 'mate-desktop-devel' 'mate-desktop-gschemas' 'mate-desktop-gschemas-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-desktop-gschemas-branding-upstream' 'mate-desktop-lang' 'mate-dictionary' 'mate-disk-usage-analyzer' 'mate-icon-theme' 'mate-icon-theme-faenza' 'mate-icon-theme-faenza-dark' 'mate-icon-theme-faenza-gray' 'mate-media' 'mate-media-lang' 'mate-menu' 'mate-menu-lang' 'mate-menus' 'mate-menus-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-menus-branding-upstream' 'mate-menus-devel' 'mate-menus-lang' 'mate-netbook' 'mate-netbook-lang' 'mate-notification-daemon' 'mate-notification-daemon-lang' 'mate-panel' 'mate-panel-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-panel-branding-upstream' 'mate-panel-devel' 'mate-panel-lang' 'mate-polkit' 'mate-polkit-devel' 'mate-polkit-lang' 'mate-power-manager' 'mate-power-manager-lang' 'mate-screensaver' 'mate-screensaver-devel' 'mate-screensaver-lang' 'mate-screenshot' 'mate-search-tool' 'mate-session-manager' 'mate-session-manager-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-session-manager-branding-upstream' 'mate-session-manager-gschemas' 'mate-session-manager-lang' 'mate-settings-daemon' 'mate-settings-daemon-devel' 'mate-settings-daemon-lang' 'mate-system-log' 'mate-system-monitor' 'mate-system-monitor-lang' 'mate-terminal' 'mate-terminal-lang' 'mate-themes' 'mate-tweak' 'mate-tweak-lang' 'mate-user-guide' 'mate-user-guide-lang' 'mate-user-share' 'mate-user-share-lang' 'mate-utils-common-lang' 'mate_basis' 'matekbd-common' 'mateweather-common' 'mathgl-cgi' 'mathgl-devel' 'mathgl-devel-static' 'mathgl-doc' 'mathgl-doc-pdf' 'mathgl-doc-ru' 'mathgl-examples' 'mathgl-fonts' 'mathgl-lua' 'mathgl-tex' 'mathgl-tex-doc' 'mathgl-tools' 'mathjax' 'mathjax-ams-fonts' 'mathjax-caligraphic-fonts' 'mathjax-fraktur-fonts' 'mathjax-main-fonts' 'mathjax-math-fonts' 'mathjax-sansserif-fonts' 'mathjax-script-fonts' 'mathjax-size1-fonts' 'mathjax-size2-fonts' 'mathjax-size3-fonts' 'mathjax-size4-fonts' 'mathjax-typewriter-fonts' 'mathjax-winchrome-fonts' 'mathjax-winie6-fonts' 'mathml-dtd' 'mathomatic' 'mathomatic-devel' 'matio-tools' 'matthewlib-java' 'matthewlib-java-javadoc' 'mawk' 'maxima' 'maxima-exec-clisp' 'maxima-lang-de-utf8' 'maxima-lang-es-utf8' 'maxima-lang-pt-utf8' 'maxima-lang-pt_BR-utf8' 'maxima-xmaxima' 'maya-calendar' 'maya-calendar-devel' 'maya-calendar-lang' 'mbedtls' 'mbedtls-devel' 'mbimcli-bash-completion' 'mbox-importer' 'mbox-importer-lang' 'mbrola' 'mbrola' 'mbrola-de1' 'mbrola-de1' 'mbrola-de2' 'mbrola-de2' 'mbrola-de3' 'mbrola-de3' 'mbrola-de4' 'mbrola-de4' 'mbrola-de5' 'mbrola-de5' 'mbrola-de6' 'mbrola-de6' 'mbrola-de7' 'mbrola-de7' 'mbrola-de8' 'mbrola-de8' 'mbrola-debuginfo' 'mbrola-debugsource' 'mbuffer' 'mc' 'mc-lang' 'mcabber' 'mcabber-devel' 'mcelog' 'mcpp' 'mcpp-devel' 'mcrypt' 'mcstrans' 'md_monitor' 'mdadm' 'mdbtools' 'mdbtools-devel' 'mdbtools-gui' 'mdds-1_0-devel' 'mdds-1_2' 'mdds-1_2-devel' 'mdds-devel' 'mdf2iso' 'mdf2iso' 'mdf2iso-debuginfo' 'mdf2iso-debugsource' 'mdtest' 'me-tv' 'me-tv' 'me-tv-debuginfo' 'me-tv-debugsource' 'me-tv-lang' 'meanwhile-devel' 'meanwhile-doc' 'med' 'med' 'med-debuginfo' 'med-debugsource' 'med-devel' 'media-player-info' 'mediainfo' 'mediainfo' 'mediainfo-debuginfo' 'mediainfo-debugsource' 'mediainfo-gui' 'mediainfo-gui-debuginfo' 'mediastreamer2' 'mediastreamer2' 'mediastreamer2-debuginfo' 'mediastreamer2-debugsource' 'mediastreamer2-devel' 'mediastreamer2-lang' 'mediatomb' 'mediatomb' 'mediatomb-debugsource' 'mediatomb-mysql' 'mediatomb-mysql-debuginfo' 'mediatomb-sqlite' 'mediatomb-sqlite-debuginfo' 'mednafen' 'meep' 'meep-devel' 'meld' 'meld-lang' 'melt' 'melt6' 'melt6-debuginfo' 'memcached' 'memcached-devel' 'memkind' 'memkind-devel' 'memphis-devel' 'memprof' 'memprof-lang' 'memtest86+' 'menu-cache' 'menu-cache-devel' 'mercurial' 'mercurial' 'mercurial-lang' 'meslo-lg-fonts' 'meson' 'meson-tools' 'messagelib' 'messagelib' 'messagelib-devel' 'messagelib-lang' 'metacity' 'metacity-devel' 'metacity-lang' 'metacity-tools' 'metamail' 'metatheme-adwaita-common' 'metatheme-ambiance-common' 'metatheme-ambiant-mate-common' 'metatheme-arc-common' 'metatheme-bluebird-common' 'metatheme-breeze-common' 'metatheme-elementary-common' 'metatheme-greybird-common' 'metatheme-numix-common' 'metatheme-paper-common' 'metatheme-radiance-common' 'metatheme-radiant-mate-common' 'metatheme-sonar-common' 'metatheme-vertex-common' 'metatheme-yuyo-common' 'meterbridge' 'metis' 'metis-devel' 'metis-doc' 'mfoc' 'mfsm' 'mftrace' 'mgdiff' 'mgetty' 'mgopen-fonts' 'mgp' 'mhash-devel' 'mhtml-firefox' 'miam-player' 'miam-player' 'miam-player-debuginfo' 'miam-player-debugsource' 'miam-player-devel' 'miao-fonts' 'microspdy2http' 'midori' 'midori-branding-openSUSE' 'midori-branding-upstream' 'midori-devel' 'midori-lang' 'mii-tool' 'mii-tool' 'mii-tool-debuginfo' 'mii-tool-debugsource' 'mikachan-fonts' 'miller' 'milou5' 'milou5-lang' 'mined' 'minetest' 'minetest-data' 'minetest-game' 'minetest-lang' 'minetestserver' 'mingetty' 'mingzat-fonts' 'minicom' 'minicom' 'minicom-lang' 'minidlna' 'minidlna' 'minidlna-debuginfo' 'minidlna-debugsource' 'mininet' 'mininews' 'minisat' 'minisat-devel' 'minitube' 'minitube-lang' 'miniupnpc' 'minizip-devel' 'minuet' 'mipv6d' 'miro' 'miro' 'miro-debuginfo' 'miro-debugsource' 'mirovideoconverter' 'mirovideoconverter' 'mirror' 'mirrormagic' 'misc_server' 'mixxx' 'mixxx' 'mixxx-1-11' 'mixxx-1-11' 'mixxx-1-11-debuginfo' 'mixxx-1-11-debugsource' 'mixxx-debuginfo' 'mixxx-debugsource' 'mixxx-unstable' 'mixxx-unstable' 'mixxx-unstable-debuginfo' 'mixxx-unstable-debugsource' 'mjpegtools' 'mjpegtools' 'mjpegtools-debuginfo' 'mjpegtools-debugsource' 'mjpegtools-orig-addon' 'mjpegtools-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'mk-configure' 'mk-configure-doc' 'mkcomposecache' 'mkdud' 'mkelfImage' 'mkfontdir' 'mkfontscale' 'mkisofs' 'mksh' 'mksusecd' 'mktorrent' 'mktorrent' 'mktorrent-debuginfo' 'mktorrent-debugsource' 'mkvtoolnix' 'mkvtoolnix' 'mkvtoolnix-gui' 'mlmmj' 'mlmmj' 'mlocate' 'mlocate-lang' 'mmc-utils' 'mmdblookup' 'mmv' 'moarvm' 'moarvm-devel' 'mobile-broadband-provider-info' 'mobipocket' 'mobipocket-devel' 'moc' 'moc' 'moc-debuginfo' 'moc-debugsource' 'modem-manager-gui' 'modem-manager-gui-lang' 'modglue-devel' 'moe' 'moinmoin-wiki' 'moka-icon-theme' 'mokutil' 'monapo-fonts' 'moneyplex-daten' 'moneyplex-suse' 'mongodb' 'mongodb' 'mongodb-mongoperf' 'mongodb-mongos' 'mongodb-server' 'mongodb-shell' 'mongolian-fonts' 'monit' 'monit' 'monit-doc' 'monitoring-plugins' 'monitoring-plugins-all' 'monitoring-plugins-bind' 'monitoring-plugins-bonding' 'monitoring-plugins-breeze' 'monitoring-plugins-by_ssh' 'monitoring-plugins-clamav' 'monitoring-plugins-cluster' 'monitoring-plugins-common' 'monitoring-plugins-contentage' 'monitoring-plugins-cups' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi-mysql' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi-pgsql' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi-sqlite3' 'monitoring-plugins-dhcp' 'monitoring-plugins-dig' 'monitoring-plugins-disk' 'monitoring-plugins-disk_smb' 'monitoring-plugins-diskio' 'monitoring-plugins-dns' 'monitoring-plugins-dummy' 'monitoring-plugins-extras' 'monitoring-plugins-fail2ban' 'monitoring-plugins-file_age' 'monitoring-plugins-flexlm' 'monitoring-plugins-fping' 'monitoring-plugins-haproxy' 'monitoring-plugins-hpjd' 'monitoring-plugins-http' 'monitoring-plugins-icmp' 'monitoring-plugins-ide_smart' 'monitoring-plugins-ifoperstatus' 'monitoring-plugins-ifstatus' 'monitoring-plugins-ipmi-sensor1' 'monitoring-plugins-ircd' 'monitoring-plugins-ldap' 'monitoring-plugins-load' 'monitoring-plugins-log' 'monitoring-plugins-mailq' 'monitoring-plugins-mailstat' 'monitoring-plugins-mem' 'monitoring-plugins-metadata' 'monitoring-plugins-mrtg' 'monitoring-plugins-mrtgtraf' 'monitoring-plugins-mysql' 'monitoring-plugins-mysql_health' 'monitoring-plugins-nagios' 'monitoring-plugins-nis' 'monitoring-plugins-nrpe' 'monitoring-plugins-nt' 'monitoring-plugins-ntp_peer' 'monitoring-plugins-ntp_time' 'monitoring-plugins-nwstat' 'monitoring-plugins-openvpn' 'monitoring-plugins-oracle' 'monitoring-plugins-overcr' 'monitoring-plugins-pgsql' 'monitoring-plugins-ping' 'monitoring-plugins-procs' 'monitoring-plugins-qlogic_sanbox' 'monitoring-plugins-radius' 'monitoring-plugins-real' 'monitoring-plugins-repomd' 'monitoring-plugins-rpc' 'monitoring-plugins-rsync' 'monitoring-plugins-sar-perf' 'monitoring-plugins-sensors' 'monitoring-plugins-sentry3' 'monitoring-plugins-sip' 'monitoring-plugins-smart' 'monitoring-plugins-smtp' 'monitoring-plugins-snmp' 'monitoring-plugins-ssh' 'monitoring-plugins-swap' 'monitoring-plugins-tcp' 'monitoring-plugins-tftp' 'monitoring-plugins-time' 'monitoring-plugins-traffic_limit' 'monitoring-plugins-ups' 'monitoring-plugins-users' 'monitoring-plugins-wave' 'monitoring-plugins-zypper' 'monitoring-plugins-zypper' 'monitoring-tools' 'mono-addins' 'mono-addins-devel' 'mono-addins-msbuild' 'mono-basic' 'mono-complete' 'mono-core' 'mono-data' 'mono-data-oracle' 'mono-data-sqlite' 'mono-debugger' 'mono-devel' 'mono-extras' 'mono-locale-extras' 'mono-mvc' 'mono-nat' 'mono-nat-devel' 'mono-nuget' 'mono-nuget-devel' 'mono-nunit' 'mono-qt4' 'mono-qt4-devel' 'mono-reactive' 'mono-uia' 'mono-uia-devel' 'mono-upnp' 'mono-upnp-devel' 'mono-wcf' 'mono-web' 'mono-winforms' 'mono-winfxcore' 'mono-zeroconf' 'mono-zeroconf-devel' 'mono-zeroconf-doc' 'mono-zeroconf-provider-avahi' 'monodoc-core' 'moodbar' 'moodbar-devel' 'mopac7' 'moreutils' 'moreutils-parallel' 'morituri' 'mosh' 'most' 'motif' 'motif-devel' 'motif-devel-32bit' 'motion' 'motion' 'motion-debuginfo' 'motion-debugsource' 'motion-doc' 'motoya-lcedar-fonts' 'motoya-lmaru-fonts' 'motv' 'mousepad' 'mousepad-lang' 'mousetweaks' 'mousetweaks-lang' 'moviethumbnailer' 'moviethumbnailer' 'movit' 'movit-data' 'movit-debugsource' 'movit-devel' 'mozaddon-bugmenot' 'mozaddon-devel' 'mozc' 'mozc-gui-tools' 'mozilla-jss' 'mozilla-jss-javadoc' 'mozilla-nspr' 'mozilla-nspr-32bit' 'mozilla-nspr-devel' 'mozilla-nss' 'mozilla-nss' 'mozilla-nss-32bit' 'mozilla-nss-certs' 'mozilla-nss-certs-32bit' 'mozilla-nss-devel' 'mozilla-nss-sysinit' 'mozilla-nss-sysinit-32bit' 'mozilla-nss-tools' 'mozjs17' 'mozjs17-devel' 'mozjs24' 'mozjs24-devel' 'mozjs38' 'mozjs38' 'mozjs38-devel' 'mozldap-devel' 'mozldap-libs' 'mozldap-tools' 'mozo' 'mozo-lang' 'mp' 'mp' 'mp-debuginfo' 'mp-debugsource' 'mp3_check' 'mp3_check' 'mp3_check-debuginfo' 'mp3_check-debugsource' 'mp3blaster' 'mp3blaster' 'mp3blaster-debuginfo' 'mp3blaster-debugsource' 'mp3diags' 'mp3diags' 'mp3diags-debuginfo' 'mp3diags-debugsource' 'mp3diags-unstable' 'mp3diags-unstable' 'mp3diags-unstable-debuginfo' 'mp3diags-unstable-debugsource' 'mp3gain' 'mp3gain' 'mp3gain-debuginfo' 'mp3gain-debugsource' 'mp3info' 'mp3info' 'mp3info-debuginfo' 'mp3info-debugsource' 'mp3splt' 'mp3splt' 'mp3splt-debuginfo' 'mp3splt-debugsource' 'mp3val' 'mp3val' 'mp3val-debuginfo' 'mp3val-debugsource' 'mp3wrap' 'mp3wrap' 'mp3wrap-debuginfo' 'mp3wrap-debugsource' 'mp4als' 'mp4als' 'mp4als-debuginfo' 'mpc-devel' 'mpc-devel-32bit' 'mpclient' 'mpclient' 'mpclient-debuginfo' 'mpclient-debugsource' 'mpd' 'mpd' 'mpd-debuginfo' 'mpd-debugsource' 'mpeg2dec' 'mpeg2dec-debuginfo' 'mpeg2demux' 'mpeg2demux-debuginfo' 'mpeg4ip' 'mpeg4ip' 'mpeg4ip-debuginfo' 'mpeg4ip-debugsource' 'mpfc' 'mpfc' 'mpfc-debuginfo' 'mpfc-debugsource' 'mpfi-devel' 'mpfr-devel' 'mpfr-devel-32bit' 'mpg123' 'mpg123' 'mpg123-debuginfo' 'mpg123-debugsource' 'mpg123-devel' 'mpg123-devel-32bit' 'mpg123-esound' 'mpg123-esound-32bit' 'mpg123-esound-debuginfo' 'mpg123-esound-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-jack' 'mpg123-jack-32bit' 'mpg123-jack-debuginfo' 'mpg123-jack-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-openal' 'mpg123-openal-32bit' 'mpg123-openal-debuginfo' 'mpg123-openal-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-portaudio' 'mpg123-portaudio-32bit' 'mpg123-portaudio-debuginfo' 'mpg123-portaudio-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-pulse' 'mpg123-pulse-32bit' 'mpg123-pulse-debuginfo' 'mpg123-pulse-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-sdl' 'mpg123-sdl-32bit' 'mpg123-sdl-debuginfo' 'mpg123-sdl-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpgtx' 'mpgtx' 'mpi-selector' 'mpitests' 'mpitests-mvapich2' 'mpitests-mvapich2-psm' 'mpitests-openmpi' 'mplus-fonts' 'mppenc' 'mppenc' 'mppenc-debuginfo' 'mppenc-debugsource' 'mpt-firmware' 'mpt-status' 'mpv' 'mpv' 'mpv-bash-completion' 'mpv-debuginfo' 'mpv-devel' 'mpv-zsh-completion' 'mr' 'mraa' 'mraa-devel' 'mraa-examples' 'mrrescue' 'mrsh' 'mrsh-rsh-compat' 'mrsh-rsh-server-compat' 'mrsh-server' 'mrtg' 'mrtg-doc' 'ms-sys' 'ms-sys' 'ms-sys-debuginfo' 'ms-sys-debugsource' 'mscgen' 'msgpack-devel' 'msitools' 'msitools' 'msitools-debuginfo' 'msitools-debugsource' 'msitools-devel' 'msitools-lang' 'msmtp' 'msmtp-doc' 'msmtp-mta' 'msr-tools' 'mstflint' 'mt_st' 'mtd-utils' 'mtdev' 'mtdev-devel' 'mtools' 'mtools-doc' 'mtools-floppyd' 'mtp-tools' 'mtpaint' 'mtpaint-handbook' 'mtpaint-lang' 'mtpfs' 'mtpfs' 'mtpfs-debuginfo' 'mtpfs-debugsource' 'mtr' 'mtr-gtk' 'mtree' 'mtx' 'muffin' 'muffin-devel' 'muffin-lang' 'multimedia' 'multipath-tools' 'multipath-tools' 'multipath-tools-devel' 'multitail' 'mumble' 'mumble-32bit' 'mumble-server' 'munge' 'munge-devel' 'munge-devel-32bit' 'munin' 'munin-node' 'muparser-devel' 'muparser-devel-32bit' 'mupdf' 'mupdf' 'mupdf-devel-static' 'mupen64plus' 'mupen64plus-debugsource' 'mupen64plus-plugin-audio-sdl' 'mupen64plus-plugin-audio-sdl-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-input-sdl' 'mupen64plus-plugin-input-sdl-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-rsp-hle' 'mupen64plus-plugin-rsp-hle-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-glide64mk2' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-glide64mk2-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-rice' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-rice-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-ui-console' 'mupen64plus-ui-console-debuginfo' 'muroar' 'muroar' 'muroar-debuginfo' 'muroar-debugsource' 'muroar-devel' 'muroard' 'muroard' 'muroard-debuginfo' 'muroard-debugsource' 'muroard-devel' 'mutt' 'mutt-doc' 'mutt-lang' 'mutter' 'mutter-data' 'mutter-devel' 'mutter-lang' 'mvapich2' 'mvapich2' 'mvapich2-devel' 'mvapich2-devel-static' 'mvapich2-psm' 'mvapich2-psm' 'mvapich2-psm-devel' 'mvapich2-psm-devel-static' 'mvapich2-psm2' 'mvapich2-psm2' 'mvapich2-psm2-devel' 'mvapich2-psm2-devel-static' 'mvapich2-testsuite' 'mx4j' 'mxml' 'mxml-devel' 'mybashburn' 'mybashburn' 'mylvmbackup' 'myspell-af_NA' 'myspell-af_ZA' 'myspell-an' 'myspell-an_ES' 'myspell-ar' 'myspell-ar_AE' 'myspell-ar_BH' 'myspell-ar_DZ' 'myspell-ar_EG' 'myspell-ar_IQ' 'myspell-ar_JO' 'myspell-ar_KW' 'myspell-ar_LB' 'myspell-ar_LY' 'myspell-ar_MA' 'myspell-ar_OM' 'myspell-ar_QA' 'myspell-ar_SA' 'myspell-ar_SD' 'myspell-ar_SY' 'myspell-ar_TN' 'myspell-ar_YE' 'myspell-be_BY' 'myspell-bg_BG' 'myspell-bn_BD' 'myspell-bn_IN' 'myspell-bo' 'myspell-bo_CN' 'myspell-bo_IN' 'myspell-br_FR' 'myspell-bs' 'myspell-bs_BA' 'myspell-ca' 'myspell-ca_AD' 'myspell-ca_ES' 'myspell-ca_ES_valencia' 'myspell-ca_FR' 'myspell-ca_IT' 'myspell-cs_CZ' 'myspell-da_DK' 'myspell-de' 'myspell-de_AT' 'myspell-de_CH' 'myspell-de_DE' 'myspell-dictionaries' 'myspell-dictionaries' 'myspell-el_GR' 'myspell-en' 'myspell-en_AU' 'myspell-en_BS' 'myspell-en_BZ' 'myspell-en_CA' 'myspell-en_GB' 'myspell-en_GH' 'myspell-en_IE' 'myspell-en_IN' 'myspell-en_JM' 'myspell-en_MW' 'myspell-en_NA' 'myspell-en_NZ' 'myspell-en_PH' 'myspell-en_TT' 'myspell-en_US' 'myspell-en_ZA' 'myspell-en_ZW' 'myspell-es' 'myspell-es_AR' 'myspell-es_BO' 'myspell-es_CL' 'myspell-es_CO' 'myspell-es_CR' 'myspell-es_CU' 'myspell-es_DO' 'myspell-es_EC' 'myspell-es_ES' 'myspell-es_GT' 'myspell-es_HN' 'myspell-es_MX' 'myspell-es_NI' 'myspell-es_PA' 'myspell-es_PE' 'myspell-es_PR' 'myspell-es_PY' 'myspell-es_SV' 'myspell-es_UY' 'myspell-es_VE' 'myspell-et_EE' 'myspell-fr_BE' 'myspell-fr_CA' 'myspell-fr_CH' 'myspell-fr_FR' 'myspell-fr_LU' 'myspell-fr_MC' 'myspell-gd_GB' 'myspell-german-old' 'myspell-gl' 'myspell-gl_ES' 'myspell-gu_IN' 'myspell-gug' 'myspell-gug_PY' 'myspell-he_IL' 'myspell-hi_IN' 'myspell-hr_HR' 'myspell-hu_HU' 'myspell-is' 'myspell-is_IS' 'myspell-it_IT' 'myspell-kmr_Latn' 'myspell-kmr_Latn_SY' 'myspell-kmr_Latn_TR' 'myspell-lightproof-en' 'myspell-lightproof-hu_HU' 'myspell-lightproof-pt_BR' 'myspell-lightproof-ru_RU' 'myspell-lo_LA' 'myspell-lt_LT' 'myspell-lv_LV' 'myspell-nb_NO' 'myspell-ne_NP' 'myspell-nl_BE' 'myspell-nl_NL' 'myspell-nn_NO' 'myspell-no' 'myspell-oc_FR' 'myspell-pl_PL' 'myspell-pt_AO' 'myspell-pt_BR' 'myspell-pt_PT' 'myspell-ro' 'myspell-ro_RO' 'myspell-ru_RU' 'myspell-si_LK' 'myspell-sk_SK' 'myspell-sl_SI' 'myspell-sq_AL' 'myspell-sr' 'myspell-sr_CS' 'myspell-sr_Latn_CS' 'myspell-sr_Latn_RS' 'myspell-sr_RS' 'myspell-sv_FI' 'myspell-sv_SE' 'myspell-sw_TZ' 'myspell-te' 'myspell-te_IN' 'myspell-th_TH' 'myspell-uk_UA' 'myspell-vi' 'myspell-vi_VN' 'myspell-zu_ZA' 'mysql-community-server' 'mysql-community-server' 'mysql-community-server-bench' 'mysql-community-server-client' 'mysql-community-server-errormessages' 'mysql-community-server-test' 'mysql-community-server-tools' 'mysql-connector-cpp' 'mysql-connector-java' 'mysql-connector-java' 'mysql-workbench' 'mytharchive' 'mytharchive-0_27' 'mytharchive-debuginfo' 'mythbrowser' 'mythbrowser-0_27' 'mythbrowser-debuginfo' 'mythes-devel' 'mythgallery' 'mythgallery-0_27' 'mythgallery-debuginfo' 'mythgame' 'mythgame-0_27' 'mythgame-debuginfo' 'mythmusic' 'mythmusic-0_27' 'mythmusic-debuginfo' 'mythnetvision' 'mythnetvision-0_27' 'mythnetvision-0_27-debuginfo' 'mythnetvision-debuginfo' 'mythnews' 'mythnews-0_27' 'mythnews-0_27-debuginfo' 'mythnews-debuginfo' 'mythtv' 'mythtv-0_27' 'mythtv-0_27-backend' 'mythtv-0_27-base-themes' 'mythtv-0_27-common' 'mythtv-0_27-common-debuginfo' 'mythtv-0_27-debugsource' 'mythtv-0_27-docs' 'mythtv-0_27-frontend' 'mythtv-0_27-setup' 'mythtv-backend' 'mythtv-backend-debuginfo' 'mythtv-base-themes' 'mythtv-common' 'mythtv-common-debuginfo' 'mythtv-debugsource' 'mythtv-devel' 'mythtv-docs' 'mythtv-frontend' 'mythtv-frontend-debuginfo' 'mythtv-setup' 'mythtv-setup-debuginfo' 'mythweather' 'mythweather-0_27' 'mythweather-debuginfo' 'mythweb' 'mythweb' 'mythzoneminder' 'mythzoneminder-0_27' 'mythzoneminder-debuginfo' 'mytop' 'naev' 'naev-data' 'nagios' 'nagios-devel' 'nagios-rpm-macros' 'nagios-www' 'nagios-www-dch' 'nagstamon' 'nagvis' 'nagvis-demos' 'namazu' 'namazu-cgi' 'namazu-devel' 'namdhinggo-fonts' 'nano' 'nano-lang' 'nano-plugin-conky' 'nanoxml' 'nanoxml-javadoc' 'nanoxml-lite' 'nanoxml-manual' 'nanoxml-manual-lite' 'nant' 'nant-devel' 'nanum-fonts' 'nanum-gothic-coding-fonts' 'nasm' 'nasm' 'nasm-doc' 'nast' 'nautilus' 'nautilus-actions' 'nautilus-actions-devel' 'nautilus-actions-lang' 'nautilus-deja-dup' 'nautilus-devel' 'nautilus-eiciel' 'nautilus-evince' 'nautilus-extension-dropbox' 'nautilus-extension-folder-color' 'nautilus-extension-nextcloud' 'nautilus-extension-nitroshare' 'nautilus-extension-seahorse' 'nautilus-extension-terminal' 'nautilus-extension-tracker-tags' 'nautilus-file-roller' 'nautilus-image-converter' 'nautilus-image-converter-lang' 'nautilus-lang' 'nautilus-plugin-easytag' 'nautilus-search-tool' 'nautilus-search-tool-lang' 'nautilus-sendto' 'nautilus-sendto-lang' 'nautilus-share' 'nautilus-share-lang' 'nautilus-terminal' 'nautilus-totem' 'nbd' 'nbd-doc' 'ncat' 'ncdc' 'ncdc' 'ncdc-debuginfo' 'ncdc-debugsource' 'ncdu' 'ncftp' 'ncmpc' 'ncmpc' 'ncmpc-debuginfo' 'ncmpc-debugsource' 'ncmpc-lang' 'ncmpcpp' 'ncmpcpp' 'ncmpcpp-debuginfo' 'ncmpcpp-debugsource' 'ncompress' 'ncurses' 'ncurses-devel' 'ncurses-devel-32bit' 'ncurses-utils' 'ndctl' 'ndesk-dbus' 'ndesk-dbus-glib' 'ndesk-dbus-glib-devel' 'ndiff' 'ndiswrapper' 'ndiswrapper' 'ndiswrapper-kmp-default' 'neard' 'neard-devel' 'neard-test' 'neko' 'neko-devel' 'neko-mysql' 'nemiver' 'nemiver-devel' 'nemiver-lang' 'nemo' 'nemo-devel' 'nemo-extension-audio-tab' 'nemo-extension-compare' 'nemo-extension-compare-lang' 'nemo-extension-dropbox' 'nemo-extension-emblems' 'nemo-extension-emblems-lang' 'nemo-extension-fileroller' 'nemo-extension-gtkhash' 'nemo-extension-gtkhash-lang' 'nemo-extension-image-converter' 'nemo-extension-image-converter-lang' 'nemo-extension-nextcloud' 'nemo-extension-nitroshare' 'nemo-extension-pastebin' 'nemo-extension-pastebin-lang' 'nemo-extension-preview' 'nemo-extension-preview-lang' 'nemo-extension-rabbitvcs' 'nemo-extension-repairer' 'nemo-extension-repairer-lang' 'nemo-extension-seahorse' 'nemo-extension-seahorse-lang' 'nemo-extension-share' 'nemo-extension-share-lang' 'nemo-extension-terminal' 'nemo-extension-xreader' 'neofetch' 'neovim' 'neovim' 'neovim-lang' 'nero-aac' 'nested' 'net-snmp' 'net-snmp-devel' 'net-snmp-devel-32bit' 'net-snmp-python' 'net-tools' 'net6' 'net6-devel' 'net6-lang' 'netacct' 'netatalk' 'netatalk-devel' 'netbeans-javaparser' 'netbeans-resolver' 'netbeans-svnclientadapter' 'netcat-openbsd' 'netcat-openbsd' 'netcdf' 'netcdf-cxx4-tools' 'netcdf-devel' 'netcdf-devel-data' 'netcdf-devel-static' 'netceiver-tools' 'netceiver-tools-debuginfo' 'netcfg' 'netcomponents' 'netcomponents-javadoc' 'netconsole-tools' 'netdata' 'netdate' 'netgen' 'netgen' 'netgen-debuginfo' 'netgen-debugsource' 'netgen-devel' 'nethogs' 'netlabel-tools' 'netpbm' 'netperf' 'netsurf-buildsystem' 'nettle' 'network-autoconfig' 'network_admin' 'neverball' 'neverball-doc' 'neverball-mapc' 'neverball-neverputt' 'newsbeuter' 'newsbeuter' 'newsbeuter-lang' 'newt' 'newt-devel' 'newt-doc' 'newt-static' 'newtonsoft-json' 'newtonsoft-json-devel' 'nextcloud' 'nextcloud' 'nextcloud-client' 'nextcloud-client' 'nextcloud-client-doc' 'nextcloud-client-dolphin' 'nextcloud-client-lang' 'nf3d' 'nfacct' 'nfc-eventd' 'nfcutils' 'nfoview' 'nfoview-lang' 'nfs-client' 'nfs-doc' 'nfs-kernel-server' 'nfs4-acl-tools' 'nfsidmap' 'nfsidmap-devel' 'nfswatch' 'nftables' 'nghttp2' 'nghttp2-doc' 'nginx' 'ngrep' 'nh2ps' 'nicotine-plus' 'nicotine-plus' 'nicotine-plus-debuginfo' 'nicotine-plus-debugsource' 'nilfs-utils' 'nilfs-utils-devel' 'nim' 'nimbus-icon-theme' 'nini' 'ninja' 'ninja' 'ninja-ide' 'nip2' 'nip2' 'nitrogen' 'nitroshare' 'nkf' 'nload' 'nlopt-devel' 'nmap' 'nmapsi4' 'nmapsi4' 'nmapsi4-debuginfo' 'nmapsi4-debugsource' 'nmcli-dmenu' 'nmh' 'nml' 'nmon' 'no-more-secrets' 'nodejs-common' 'nodejs-common' 'nodejs-packaging' 'nodejs4' 'nodejs4' 'nodejs4-devel' 'nodejs4-docs' 'nodejs6' 'nodejs6' 'nodejs6-devel' 'nodejs6-docs' 'noise' 'noise-devel' 'noise-lang' 'nomacs' 'non-ntk' 'non-ntk-devel' 'non-ntk-fluid' 'non_oss' 'noping' 'nordlicht' 'nordlicht' 'nordlicht-debuginfo' 'nordlicht-debugsource' 'nordlicht-devel' 'normalize' 'normalize' 'normalize-debuginfo' 'normalize-debugsource' 'notepadqq' 'notification-daemon' 'notification-daemon-lang' 'notify-osd' 'notify-osd-config' 'notify-sharp' 'notify-sharp-devel' 'notify-sharp3' 'notify-sharp3-devel' 'notmuch' 'notmuch-devel' 'notmuch-emacs' 'noto-coloremoji-fonts' 'noto-emoji-fonts' 'noto-kufiarabic-fonts' 'noto-naskharabic-fonts' 'noto-nastaliqurdu-fonts' 'noto-sans-armenian-fonts' 'noto-sans-avestan-fonts' 'noto-sans-balinese-fonts' 'noto-sans-bamum-fonts' 'noto-sans-batak-fonts' 'noto-sans-bengali-fonts' 'noto-sans-brahmi-fonts' 'noto-sans-buginese-fonts' 'noto-sans-buhid-fonts' 'noto-sans-canadianaboriginal-fonts' 'noto-sans-carian-fonts' 'noto-sans-cham-fonts' 'noto-sans-cherokee-fonts' 'noto-sans-cjk-fonts' 'noto-sans-coptic-fonts' 'noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts' 'noto-sans-cypriot-fonts' 'noto-sans-deseret-fonts' 'noto-sans-devanagari-fonts' 'noto-sans-egyptianhieroglyphs-fonts' 'noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts' 'noto-sans-fonts' 'noto-sans-georgian-fonts' 'noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts' 'noto-sans-gothic-fonts' 'noto-sans-gujarati-fonts' 'noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts' 'noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts' 'noto-sans-hebrew-fonts' 'noto-sans-imperialaramaic-fonts' 'noto-sans-inscriptionalpahlavi-fonts' 'noto-sans-inscriptionalparthian-fonts' 'noto-sans-javanese-fonts' 'noto-sans-kaithi-fonts' 'noto-sans-kannada-fonts' 'noto-sans-kayahli-fonts' 'noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts' 'noto-sans-khmer-fonts' 'noto-sans-lao-fonts' 'noto-sans-lepcha-fonts' 'noto-sans-limbu-fonts' 'noto-sans-linearb-fonts' 'noto-sans-lisu-fonts' 'noto-sans-lycian-fonts' 'noto-sans-lydian-fonts' 'noto-sans-malayalam-fonts' 'noto-sans-mandaic-fonts' 'noto-sans-meeteimayek-fonts' 'noto-sans-mongolian-fonts' 'noto-sans-myanmar-fonts' 'noto-sans-newtailue-fonts' 'noto-sans-nko-fonts' 'noto-sans-ogham-fonts' 'noto-sans-olchiki-fonts' 'noto-sans-olditalic-fonts' 'noto-sans-oldpersian-fonts' 'noto-sans-oldsoutharabian-fonts' 'noto-sans-oldturkic-fonts' 'noto-sans-oriya-fonts' 'noto-sans-osmanya-fonts' 'noto-sans-phagspa-fonts' 'noto-sans-phoenician-fonts' 'noto-sans-rejang-fonts' 'noto-sans-runic-fonts' 'noto-sans-samaritan-fonts' 'noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts' 'noto-sans-shavian-fonts' 'noto-sans-sinhala-fonts' 'noto-sans-sundanese-fonts' 'noto-sans-sylotinagri-fonts' 'noto-sans-symbols-fonts' 'noto-sans-syriaceastern-fonts' 'noto-sans-syriacestrangela-fonts' 'noto-sans-syriacwestern-fonts' 'noto-sans-tagalog-fonts' 'noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts' 'noto-sans-taile-fonts' 'noto-sans-taitham-fonts' 'noto-sans-taiviet-fonts' 'noto-sans-tamil-fonts' 'noto-sans-telugu-fonts' 'noto-sans-thaana-fonts' 'noto-sans-thai-fonts' 'noto-sans-tibetan-fonts' 'noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts' 'noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts' 'noto-sans-vai-fonts' 'noto-sans-yi-fonts' 'noto-serif-armenian-fonts' 'noto-serif-fonts' 'noto-serif-georgian-fonts' 'noto-serif-khmer-fonts' 'noto-serif-lao-fonts' 'noto-serif-thai-fonts' 'novell-ipsec-tools' 'novell-ipsec-tools-devel' 'novell-nortelplugins' 'novell-sound-theme' 'novnc' 'novprog' 'npapi-sdk' 'npapi-vlc' 'npapi-vlc' 'npapi-vlc-beta' 'npapi-vlc-beta' 'npapi-vlc-beta-debuginfo' 'npapi-vlc-beta-debugsource' 'npapi-vlc-debuginfo' 'npapi-vlc-debugsource' 'nping' 'npm4' 'npm6' 'npth-devel' 'nrpe' 'nrpe-doc' 'nsca' 'nsca-client' 'nscd' 'nspluginwrapper' 'nss-mdns' 'nss-mdns-32bit' 'nss-myhostname' 'nss-myhostname-32bit' 'nss-mymachines' 'nss-pam-ldapd' 'nss-pam-ldapd-32bit' 'nss-shared-helper-devel' 'nss_ldap' 'nss_ldap-32bit' 'nss_wrapper' 'ntfs-3g' 'ntfsprogs' 'ntl-devel' 'ntp' 'ntp-doc' 'nudoku' 'nulloy' 'nulloy-gstreamer' 'nulloy-phonon' 'nulloy-taglib' 'nulloy-vlc' 'numactl' 'numad' 'numatop' 'numlockx' 'nunit' 'nunit-devel' 'nuosu-fonts' 'nuoveXT2-icon-theme' 'nut' 'nut' 'nut-cgi' 'nut-devel' 'nut-doc-asciidoc' 'nut-doc-images' 'nut-drivers-net' 'nvdock' 'nvidia-texture-tools' 'nvme-cli' 'nvme-cli' 'nvmetcli' 'nvmetcli' 'nvml' 'nvml-tools' 'nvptx-tools' 'nvptx-tools' 'nxtvepg' 'oaml-devel' 'obby' 'obby-devel' 'obby-lang' 'obconf' 'obconf-qt' 'obconf-qt-lang' 'obex-data-server' 'obexfs' 'obexftp' 'obexftp-devel' 'objectweb-anttask' 'objectweb-asm' 'obs-service-appimage' 'obs-service-download_files' 'obs-service-download_url' 'obs-service-extract_file' 'obs-service-format_spec_file' 'obs-service-obs_scm' 'obs-service-obs_scm-common' 'obs-service-recompress' 'obs-service-refresh_patches' 'obs-service-set_version' 'obs-service-set_version' 'obs-service-snapcraft' 'obs-service-source_validator' 'obs-service-source_validator' 'obs-service-tar' 'obs-service-tar_scm' 'obs-service-verify_file' 'obs-studio' 'obs-studio' 'obs-studio-debuginfo' 'obs-studio-debugsource' 'obs-studio-devel' 'ocaml' 'ocaml-brlapi' 'ocaml-calendar' 'ocaml-calendar-devel' 'ocaml-camlp4' 'ocaml-camlp4-devel' 'ocaml-camomile' 'ocaml-camomile-data' 'ocaml-camomile-devel' 'ocaml-compiler-libs' 'ocaml-compiler-libs-devel' 'ocaml-cppo' 'ocaml-cppo-devel' 'ocaml-csv' 'ocaml-csv-devel' 'ocaml-curses' 'ocaml-curses-devel' 'ocaml-docs' 'ocaml-easy-format' 'ocaml-easy-format-devel' 'ocaml-emacs' 'ocaml-extlib' 'ocaml-extlib-devel' 'ocaml-facile' 'ocaml-facile-devel' 'ocaml-fileutils' 'ocaml-fileutils-devel' 'ocaml-findlib' 'ocaml-findlib-camlp4' 'ocaml-findlib-devel' 'ocaml-gettext' 'ocaml-gettext-camomile' 'ocaml-gettext-camomile-devel' 'ocaml-gettext-devel' 'ocaml-gettext-stub' 'ocaml-gettext-stub-devel' 'ocaml-lablgl' 'ocaml-lablgl-devel' 'ocaml-lablgtk2' 'ocaml-lablgtk2-devel' 'ocaml-labltk' 'ocaml-labltk-devel' 'ocaml-libguestfs' 'ocaml-libguestfs-devel' 'ocaml-libvirt' 'ocaml-libvirt-devel' 'ocaml-menhir' 'ocaml-menhir-devel' 'ocaml-oasis' 'ocaml-oasis-devel' 'ocaml-ocamlbuild' 'ocaml-ocamlbuild-devel' 'ocaml-ocamldoc' 'ocaml-odn' 'ocaml-odn-devel' 'ocaml-ounit' 'ocaml-ounit-devel' 'ocaml-parmap' 'ocaml-parmap-devel' 'ocaml-pcre' 'ocaml-pcre-devel' 'ocaml-rpm-macros' 'ocaml-runtime' 'ocaml-source' 'ocaml-type-conv' 'ocaml-type-conv-devel' 'ocaml-x11' 'ocaml-xml-light' 'ocaml-xml-light-devel' 'ocamlify' 'ocamlmod' 'oce' 'oce' 'oce-DRAWEXE' 'oce-DRAWEXE-debuginfo' 'oce-debuginfo' 'oce-debugsource' 'oce-devel' 'ocfs2-tools' 'ocfs2-tools-devel' 'ocfs2-tools-devel-static' 'ocfs2-tools-o2cb' 'ocfs2console' 'ocl-icd-devel' 'oclock' 'ocp' 'ocp' 'ocp-debuginfo' 'ocp-debugsource' 'ocrad' 'ocrad-devel' 'ocserv' 'octave' 'octave-cli' 'octave-devel' 'octave-doc' 'octave-forge-cgi' 'octave-forge-communications' 'octave-forge-control' 'octave-forge-data-smoothing' 'octave-forge-database' 'octave-forge-dataframe' 'octave-forge-divand' 'octave-forge-doctest' 'octave-forge-econometrics' 'octave-forge-financial' 'octave-forge-fits' 'octave-forge-fl-core' 'octave-forge-fpl' 'octave-forge-fuzzy-logic-toolkit' 'octave-forge-ga' 'octave-forge-general' 'octave-forge-generate_html' 'octave-forge-geometry' 'octave-forge-image' 'octave-forge-image-acquisition' 'octave-forge-interval' 'octave-forge-io' 'octave-forge-level-set' 'octave-forge-linear-algebra' 'octave-forge-lssa' 'octave-forge-ltfat' 'octave-forge-mapping' 'octave-forge-mechanics' 'octave-forge-miscellaneous' 'octave-forge-msh' 'octave-forge-mvn' 'octave-forge-nan' 'octave-forge-ncarray' 'octave-forge-netcdf' 'octave-forge-nurbs' 'octave-forge-ocs' 'octave-forge-octclip' 'octave-forge-octproj' 'octave-forge-odepkg' 'octave-forge-optics' 'octave-forge-optim' 'octave-forge-parallel' 'octave-forge-quaternion' 'octave-forge-queueing' 'octave-forge-secs1d' 'octave-forge-secs2d' 'octave-forge-secs3d' 'octave-forge-signal' 'octave-forge-sockets' 'octave-forge-specfun' 'octave-forge-splines' 'octave-forge-statistics' 'octave-forge-stk' 'octave-forge-strings' 'octave-forge-struct' 'octave-forge-symbolic' 'octave-forge-tisean' 'octave-forge-tsa' 'octave-forge-vrml' 'octave-mathgl' 'ode-devel' 'odp-devel' 'odp-example' 'odp-libs' 'odt2txt' 'odvr' 'odvr' 'odvr-debuginfo' 'odvr-debugsource' 'office' 'offlineimap' 'offlineimap-htmldoc' 'ofl' 'ofono' 'ofono-devel' 'ofono-tests' 'oggfwd' 'oggfwd' 'oggfwd-debuginfo' 'oggvideotools' 'oggvideotools' 'oggvideotools-debuginfo' 'oggvideotools-debugsource' 'oggz-tools' 'ogmrip' 'ogmrip' 'ogmrip-ac3' 'ogmrip-ac3' 'ogmrip-ac3-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-ac3-debugsource' 'ogmrip-ac3-lang' 'ogmrip-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-debugsource' 'ogmrip-dirac' 'ogmrip-dirac' 'ogmrip-dirac-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-dirac-debugsource' 'ogmrip-dirac-lang' 'ogmrip-flac' 'ogmrip-flac' 'ogmrip-flac-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-flac-debugsource' 'ogmrip-lang' 'ogmrip-mpeg' 'ogmrip-mpeg' 'ogmrip-mpeg-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-mpeg-debugsource' 'ogmrip-nero-aac' 'ogmrip-nero-aac' 'ogmrip-nero-aac-lang' 'ogmrip-oggz' 'ogmrip-oggz' 'ogmrip-oggz-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-oggz-debugsource' 'ogmrip-oggz-lang' 'ogmrip-profiles' 'ogmrip-profiles' 'ogmrip-video-copy' 'ogmrip-video-copy' 'ogmrip-video-copy-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-video-copy-debugsource' 'ogmtools' 'ohcount' 'oidentd' 'oidentd' 'okteta' 'okteta-devel' 'okteta-lang' 'okular' 'okular' 'okular-devel' 'okular-lang' 'oneko' 'oniguruma-devel' 'onscripter' 'onscripter' 'onscripter-debuginfo' 'onscripter-debugsource' 'ooRexx' 'ooRexx-devel' 'opa-address-resolution-devel' 'opa-basic-tools' 'opa-fastfabric' 'opa-fm' 'open-iscsi' 'open-iscsi' 'open-isns' 'open-isns-devel' 'open-lldp' 'open-lldp-devel' 'open-vm-tools' 'open-vm-tools' 'open-vm-tools-desktop' 'openCOLLADA-devel' 'openCOLLADA-doc' 'openCOLLADA-utils' 'openCryptoki' 'openCryptoki-64bit' 'openCryptoki-devel' 'openQA' 'openQA-client' 'openQA-common' 'openQA-doc' 'openQA-worker' 'openSUSE' 'openSUSE-2017-1000' 'openSUSE-2017-1001' 'openSUSE-2017-1002' 'openSUSE-2017-1003' 'openSUSE-2017-1004' 'openSUSE-2017-1005' 'openSUSE-2017-1008' 'openSUSE-2017-1009' 'openSUSE-2017-1010' 'openSUSE-2017-1011' 'openSUSE-2017-1012' 'openSUSE-2017-1013' 'openSUSE-2017-1014' 'openSUSE-2017-1016' 'openSUSE-2017-1017' 'openSUSE-2017-1020' 'openSUSE-2017-1021' 'openSUSE-2017-1023' 'openSUSE-2017-1024' 'openSUSE-2017-1025' 'openSUSE-2017-1026' 'openSUSE-2017-1027' 'openSUSE-2017-1028' 'openSUSE-2017-1029' 'openSUSE-2017-1030' 'openSUSE-2017-1032' 'openSUSE-2017-1033' 'openSUSE-2017-1034' 'openSUSE-2017-1035' 'openSUSE-2017-1036' 'openSUSE-2017-1037' 'openSUSE-2017-1039' 'openSUSE-2017-1040' 'openSUSE-2017-1041' 'openSUSE-2017-1042' 'openSUSE-2017-1044' 'openSUSE-2017-1046' 'openSUSE-2017-1047' 'openSUSE-2017-1048' 'openSUSE-2017-1049' 'openSUSE-2017-1050' 'openSUSE-2017-1051' 'openSUSE-2017-1052' 'openSUSE-2017-1053' 'openSUSE-2017-1054' 'openSUSE-2017-1055' 'openSUSE-2017-1056' 'openSUSE-2017-1058' 'openSUSE-2017-1060' 'openSUSE-2017-1061' 'openSUSE-2017-1063' 'openSUSE-2017-1064' 'openSUSE-2017-1065' 'openSUSE-2017-1066' 'openSUSE-2017-1067' 'openSUSE-2017-1069' 'openSUSE-2017-1070' 'openSUSE-2017-1071' 'openSUSE-2017-1072' 'openSUSE-2017-1073' 'openSUSE-2017-1076' 'openSUSE-2017-1077' 'openSUSE-2017-1078' 'openSUSE-2017-1079' 'openSUSE-2017-1082' 'openSUSE-2017-1083' 'openSUSE-2017-1084' 'openSUSE-2017-1085' 'openSUSE-2017-1086' 'openSUSE-2017-1087' 'openSUSE-2017-1088' 'openSUSE-2017-1089' 'openSUSE-2017-1092' 'openSUSE-2017-1093' 'openSUSE-2017-1094' 'openSUSE-2017-1095' 'openSUSE-2017-1096' 'openSUSE-2017-1097' 'openSUSE-2017-1098' 'openSUSE-2017-1100' 'openSUSE-2017-1102' 'openSUSE-2017-1103' 'openSUSE-2017-1105' 'openSUSE-2017-1106' 'openSUSE-2017-1107' 'openSUSE-2017-1108' 'openSUSE-2017-1109' 'openSUSE-2017-1110' 'openSUSE-2017-1111' 'openSUSE-2017-1112' 'openSUSE-2017-1113' 'openSUSE-2017-1114' 'openSUSE-2017-1115' 'openSUSE-2017-1116' 'openSUSE-2017-1117' 'openSUSE-2017-1118' 'openSUSE-2017-1119' 'openSUSE-2017-1120' 'openSUSE-2017-1121' 'openSUSE-2017-1125' 'openSUSE-2017-1126' 'openSUSE-2017-1127' 'openSUSE-2017-1128' 'openSUSE-2017-1129' 'openSUSE-2017-1132' 'openSUSE-2017-1135' 'openSUSE-2017-1136' 'openSUSE-2017-1137' 'openSUSE-2017-1138' 'openSUSE-2017-1139' 'openSUSE-2017-1140' 'openSUSE-2017-1142' 'openSUSE-2017-1143' 'openSUSE-2017-1144' 'openSUSE-2017-1145' 'openSUSE-2017-1147' 'openSUSE-2017-1148' 'openSUSE-2017-1150' 'openSUSE-2017-1151' 'openSUSE-2017-1153' 'openSUSE-2017-1154' 'openSUSE-2017-1155' 'openSUSE-2017-1156' 'openSUSE-2017-1157' 'openSUSE-2017-1158' 'openSUSE-2017-1160' 'openSUSE-2017-1162' 'openSUSE-2017-1163' 'openSUSE-2017-1165' 'openSUSE-2017-1166' 'openSUSE-2017-1168' 'openSUSE-2017-1169' 'openSUSE-2017-1170' 'openSUSE-2017-1171' 'openSUSE-2017-1173' 'openSUSE-2017-1174' 'openSUSE-2017-1175' 'openSUSE-2017-1176' 'openSUSE-2017-1177' 'openSUSE-2017-1178' 'openSUSE-2017-1179' 'openSUSE-2017-1180' 'openSUSE-2017-1181' 'openSUSE-2017-1182' 'openSUSE-2017-1186' 'openSUSE-2017-1187' 'openSUSE-2017-1189' 'openSUSE-2017-1193' 'openSUSE-2017-1194' 'openSUSE-2017-1196' 'openSUSE-2017-1197' 'openSUSE-2017-1198' 'openSUSE-2017-1199' 'openSUSE-2017-1200' 'openSUSE-2017-1201' 'openSUSE-2017-1202' 'openSUSE-2017-1204' 'openSUSE-2017-1205' 'openSUSE-2017-1207' 'openSUSE-2017-1208' 'openSUSE-2017-1210' 'openSUSE-2017-1211' 'openSUSE-2017-1213' 'openSUSE-2017-1214' 'openSUSE-2017-1215' 'openSUSE-2017-1217' 'openSUSE-2017-1218' 'openSUSE-2017-1220' 'openSUSE-2017-1221' 'openSUSE-2017-1222' 'openSUSE-2017-1223' 'openSUSE-2017-1225' 'openSUSE-2017-1236' 'openSUSE-2017-1237' 'openSUSE-2017-1238' 'openSUSE-2017-1242' 'openSUSE-2017-1243' 'openSUSE-2017-1246' 'openSUSE-2017-1247' 'openSUSE-2017-1248' 'openSUSE-2017-1250' 'openSUSE-2017-1251' 'openSUSE-2017-1252' 'openSUSE-2017-1258' 'openSUSE-2017-1259' 'openSUSE-2017-1260' 'openSUSE-2017-1261' 'openSUSE-2017-1262' 'openSUSE-2017-1265' 'openSUSE-2017-1266' 'openSUSE-2017-1267' 'openSUSE-2017-1268' 'openSUSE-2017-1269' 'openSUSE-2017-1270' 'openSUSE-2017-1272' 'openSUSE-2017-1273' 'openSUSE-2017-1274' 'openSUSE-2017-1275' 'openSUSE-2017-1276' 'openSUSE-2017-1277' 'openSUSE-2017-1278' 'openSUSE-2017-1279' 'openSUSE-2017-1282' 'openSUSE-2017-1283' 'openSUSE-2017-1284' 'openSUSE-2017-1285' 'openSUSE-2017-1286' 'openSUSE-2017-1289' 'openSUSE-2017-1290' 'openSUSE-2017-1291' 'openSUSE-2017-1294' 'openSUSE-2017-1295' 'openSUSE-2017-1296' 'openSUSE-2017-1297' 'openSUSE-2017-1298' 'openSUSE-2017-1299' 'openSUSE-2017-1300' 'openSUSE-2017-1302' 'openSUSE-2017-1303' 'openSUSE-2017-1304' 'openSUSE-2017-1306' 'openSUSE-2017-1307' 'openSUSE-2017-1308' 'openSUSE-2017-1309' 'openSUSE-2017-1311' 'openSUSE-2017-1312' 'openSUSE-2017-1314' 'openSUSE-2017-1316' 'openSUSE-2017-1317' 'openSUSE-2017-1318' 'openSUSE-2017-1320' 'openSUSE-2017-1321' 'openSUSE-2017-1323' 'openSUSE-2017-1324' 'openSUSE-2017-1325' 'openSUSE-2017-1326' 'openSUSE-2017-1327' 'openSUSE-2017-1328' 'openSUSE-2017-1329' 'openSUSE-2017-1330' 'openSUSE-2017-1331' 'openSUSE-2017-1332' 'openSUSE-2017-1334' 'openSUSE-2017-1335' 'openSUSE-2017-1336' 'openSUSE-2017-1337' 'openSUSE-2017-1339' 'openSUSE-2017-1340' 'openSUSE-2017-1341' 'openSUSE-2017-1342' 'openSUSE-2017-1343' 'openSUSE-2017-1344' 'openSUSE-2017-1345' 'openSUSE-2017-1346' 'openSUSE-2017-1348' 'openSUSE-2017-1349' 'openSUSE-2017-1350' 'openSUSE-2017-1351' 'openSUSE-2017-1353' 'openSUSE-2017-1354' 'openSUSE-2017-1355' 'openSUSE-2017-1356' 'openSUSE-2017-1358' 'openSUSE-2017-1359' 'openSUSE-2017-1360' 'openSUSE-2017-1361' 'openSUSE-2017-1362' 'openSUSE-2017-1363' 'openSUSE-2017-1364' 'openSUSE-2017-1365' 'openSUSE-2017-1366' 'openSUSE-2017-1368' 'openSUSE-2017-1370' 'openSUSE-2017-1371' 'openSUSE-2017-1373' 'openSUSE-2017-1375' 'openSUSE-2017-1376' 'openSUSE-2017-1379' 'openSUSE-2017-1380' 'openSUSE-2017-1381' 'openSUSE-2017-1382' 'openSUSE-2017-1383' 'openSUSE-2017-1384' 'openSUSE-2017-1385' 'openSUSE-2017-1386' 'openSUSE-2017-1387' 'openSUSE-2017-1388' 'openSUSE-2017-1389' 'openSUSE-2017-1391' 'openSUSE-2017-1392' 'openSUSE-2017-1393' 'openSUSE-2017-1394' 'openSUSE-2017-1395' 'openSUSE-2017-1396' 'openSUSE-2017-1397' 'openSUSE-2017-1398' 'openSUSE-2017-1400' 'openSUSE-2017-1401' 'openSUSE-2017-1402' 'openSUSE-2017-1403' 'openSUSE-2017-1408' 'openSUSE-2017-1409' 'openSUSE-2017-1410' 'openSUSE-2017-1411' 'openSUSE-2017-1412' 'openSUSE-2017-1413' 'openSUSE-2017-1414' 'openSUSE-2017-1415' 'openSUSE-2017-1417' 'openSUSE-2017-1418' 'openSUSE-2017-1419' 'openSUSE-2017-1420' 'openSUSE-2017-1421' 'openSUSE-2017-1422' 'openSUSE-2017-1423' 'openSUSE-2017-1425' 'openSUSE-2017-1426' 'openSUSE-2017-1427' 'openSUSE-2017-1428' 'openSUSE-2017-826' 'openSUSE-2017-829' 'openSUSE-2017-831' 'openSUSE-2017-833' 'openSUSE-2017-835' 'openSUSE-2017-836' 'openSUSE-2017-838' 'openSUSE-2017-839' 'openSUSE-2017-840' 'openSUSE-2017-841' 'openSUSE-2017-842' 'openSUSE-2017-844' 'openSUSE-2017-846' 'openSUSE-2017-847' 'openSUSE-2017-850' 'openSUSE-2017-851' 'openSUSE-2017-852' 'openSUSE-2017-853' 'openSUSE-2017-854' 'openSUSE-2017-856' 'openSUSE-2017-857' 'openSUSE-2017-861' 'openSUSE-2017-862' 'openSUSE-2017-865' 'openSUSE-2017-866' 'openSUSE-2017-869' 'openSUSE-2017-870' 'openSUSE-2017-871' 'openSUSE-2017-872' 'openSUSE-2017-874' 'openSUSE-2017-875' 'openSUSE-2017-877' 'openSUSE-2017-878' 'openSUSE-2017-880' 'openSUSE-2017-881' 'openSUSE-2017-883' 'openSUSE-2017-884' 'openSUSE-2017-885' 'openSUSE-2017-886' 'openSUSE-2017-889' 'openSUSE-2017-890' 'openSUSE-2017-894' 'openSUSE-2017-895' 'openSUSE-2017-896' 'openSUSE-2017-897' 'openSUSE-2017-898' 'openSUSE-2017-899' 'openSUSE-2017-900' 'openSUSE-2017-901' 'openSUSE-2017-902' 'openSUSE-2017-903' 'openSUSE-2017-904' 'openSUSE-2017-905' 'openSUSE-2017-906' 'openSUSE-2017-907' 'openSUSE-2017-909' 'openSUSE-2017-910' 'openSUSE-2017-911' 'openSUSE-2017-913' 'openSUSE-2017-914' 'openSUSE-2017-915' 'openSUSE-2017-917' 'openSUSE-2017-919' 'openSUSE-2017-920' 'openSUSE-2017-921' 'openSUSE-2017-922' 'openSUSE-2017-923' 'openSUSE-2017-924' 'openSUSE-2017-925' 'openSUSE-2017-926' 'openSUSE-2017-927' 'openSUSE-2017-928' 'openSUSE-2017-930' 'openSUSE-2017-931' 'openSUSE-2017-932' 'openSUSE-2017-934' 'openSUSE-2017-935' 'openSUSE-2017-936' 'openSUSE-2017-937' 'openSUSE-2017-938' 'openSUSE-2017-939' 'openSUSE-2017-940' 'openSUSE-2017-941' 'openSUSE-2017-942' 'openSUSE-2017-943' 'openSUSE-2017-944' 'openSUSE-2017-945' 'openSUSE-2017-947' 'openSUSE-2017-948' 'openSUSE-2017-949' 'openSUSE-2017-950' 'openSUSE-2017-951' 'openSUSE-2017-952' 'openSUSE-2017-953' 'openSUSE-2017-954' 'openSUSE-2017-955' 'openSUSE-2017-956' 'openSUSE-2017-957' 'openSUSE-2017-959' 'openSUSE-2017-960' 'openSUSE-2017-962' 'openSUSE-2017-965' 'openSUSE-2017-966' 'openSUSE-2017-967' 'openSUSE-2017-968' 'openSUSE-2017-970' 'openSUSE-2017-971' 'openSUSE-2017-972' 'openSUSE-2017-973' 'openSUSE-2017-974' 'openSUSE-2017-975' 'openSUSE-2017-976' 'openSUSE-2017-977' 'openSUSE-2017-978' 'openSUSE-2017-979' 'openSUSE-2017-980' 'openSUSE-2017-983' 'openSUSE-2017-985' 'openSUSE-2017-986' 'openSUSE-2017-987' 'openSUSE-2017-989' 'openSUSE-2017-990' 'openSUSE-2017-992' 'openSUSE-2017-993' 'openSUSE-2017-994' 'openSUSE-2017-995' 'openSUSE-2017-996' 'openSUSE-2017-997' 'openSUSE-2017-999' 'openSUSE-2018-1' 'openSUSE-2018-101' 'openSUSE-2018-102' 'openSUSE-2018-103' 'openSUSE-2018-104' 'openSUSE-2018-105' 'openSUSE-2018-109' 'openSUSE-2018-11' 'openSUSE-2018-110' 'openSUSE-2018-111' 'openSUSE-2018-112' 'openSUSE-2018-113' 'openSUSE-2018-114' 'openSUSE-2018-115' 'openSUSE-2018-116' 'openSUSE-2018-117' 'openSUSE-2018-118' 'openSUSE-2018-119' 'openSUSE-2018-12' 'openSUSE-2018-120' 'openSUSE-2018-121' 'openSUSE-2018-122' 'openSUSE-2018-123' 'openSUSE-2018-124' 'openSUSE-2018-125' 'openSUSE-2018-126' 'openSUSE-2018-127' 'openSUSE-2018-128' 'openSUSE-2018-129' 'openSUSE-2018-13' 'openSUSE-2018-130' 'openSUSE-2018-131' 'openSUSE-2018-132' 'openSUSE-2018-133' 'openSUSE-2018-134' 'openSUSE-2018-135' 'openSUSE-2018-137' 'openSUSE-2018-138' 'openSUSE-2018-139' 'openSUSE-2018-14' 'openSUSE-2018-140' 'openSUSE-2018-141' 'openSUSE-2018-142' 'openSUSE-2018-143' 'openSUSE-2018-144' 'openSUSE-2018-145' 'openSUSE-2018-146' 'openSUSE-2018-147' 'openSUSE-2018-148' 'openSUSE-2018-149' 'openSUSE-2018-15' 'openSUSE-2018-150' 'openSUSE-2018-151' 'openSUSE-2018-152' 'openSUSE-2018-153' 'openSUSE-2018-154' 'openSUSE-2018-155' 'openSUSE-2018-156' 'openSUSE-2018-157' 'openSUSE-2018-158' 'openSUSE-2018-159' 'openSUSE-2018-160' 'openSUSE-2018-161' 'openSUSE-2018-162' 'openSUSE-2018-163' 'openSUSE-2018-164' 'openSUSE-2018-165' 'openSUSE-2018-166' 'openSUSE-2018-167' 'openSUSE-2018-168' 'openSUSE-2018-169' 'openSUSE-2018-170' 'openSUSE-2018-171' 'openSUSE-2018-172' 'openSUSE-2018-173' 'openSUSE-2018-174' 'openSUSE-2018-175' 'openSUSE-2018-176' 'openSUSE-2018-177' 'openSUSE-2018-178' 'openSUSE-2018-179' 'openSUSE-2018-18' 'openSUSE-2018-180' 'openSUSE-2018-181' 'openSUSE-2018-182' 'openSUSE-2018-184' 'openSUSE-2018-185' 'openSUSE-2018-186' 'openSUSE-2018-187' 'openSUSE-2018-188' 'openSUSE-2018-189' 'openSUSE-2018-19' 'openSUSE-2018-190' 'openSUSE-2018-191' 'openSUSE-2018-192' 'openSUSE-2018-193' 'openSUSE-2018-194' 'openSUSE-2018-195' 'openSUSE-2018-196' 'openSUSE-2018-197' 'openSUSE-2018-198' 'openSUSE-2018-199' 'openSUSE-2018-2' 'openSUSE-2018-200' 'openSUSE-2018-201' 'openSUSE-2018-202' 'openSUSE-2018-203' 'openSUSE-2018-204' 'openSUSE-2018-205' 'openSUSE-2018-206' 'openSUSE-2018-207' 'openSUSE-2018-208' 'openSUSE-2018-209' 'openSUSE-2018-210' 'openSUSE-2018-211' 'openSUSE-2018-212' 'openSUSE-2018-213' 'openSUSE-2018-214' 'openSUSE-2018-215' 'openSUSE-2018-216' 'openSUSE-2018-217' 'openSUSE-2018-218' 'openSUSE-2018-219' 'openSUSE-2018-220' 'openSUSE-2018-221' 'openSUSE-2018-222' 'openSUSE-2018-223' 'openSUSE-2018-224' 'openSUSE-2018-225' 'openSUSE-2018-226' 'openSUSE-2018-227' 'openSUSE-2018-228' 'openSUSE-2018-229' 'openSUSE-2018-23' 'openSUSE-2018-230' 'openSUSE-2018-231' 'openSUSE-2018-232' 'openSUSE-2018-233' 'openSUSE-2018-234' 'openSUSE-2018-235' 'openSUSE-2018-237' 'openSUSE-2018-238' 'openSUSE-2018-239' 'openSUSE-2018-240' 'openSUSE-2018-241' 'openSUSE-2018-242' 'openSUSE-2018-244' 'openSUSE-2018-245' 'openSUSE-2018-246' 'openSUSE-2018-247' 'openSUSE-2018-248' 'openSUSE-2018-249' 'openSUSE-2018-25' 'openSUSE-2018-250' 'openSUSE-2018-251' 'openSUSE-2018-252' 'openSUSE-2018-253' 'openSUSE-2018-254' 'openSUSE-2018-255' 'openSUSE-2018-256' 'openSUSE-2018-257' 'openSUSE-2018-258' 'openSUSE-2018-259' 'openSUSE-2018-260' 'openSUSE-2018-261' 'openSUSE-2018-262' 'openSUSE-2018-263' 'openSUSE-2018-264' 'openSUSE-2018-266' 'openSUSE-2018-267' 'openSUSE-2018-268' 'openSUSE-2018-269' 'openSUSE-2018-27' 'openSUSE-2018-270' 'openSUSE-2018-271' 'openSUSE-2018-272' 'openSUSE-2018-273' 'openSUSE-2018-274' 'openSUSE-2018-275' 'openSUSE-2018-276' 'openSUSE-2018-277' 'openSUSE-2018-278' 'openSUSE-2018-279' 'openSUSE-2018-28' 'openSUSE-2018-280' 'openSUSE-2018-281' 'openSUSE-2018-282' 'openSUSE-2018-283' 'openSUSE-2018-284' 'openSUSE-2018-285' 'openSUSE-2018-286' 'openSUSE-2018-287' 'openSUSE-2018-289' 'openSUSE-2018-29' 'openSUSE-2018-290' 'openSUSE-2018-291' 'openSUSE-2018-292' 'openSUSE-2018-30' 'openSUSE-2018-31' 'openSUSE-2018-32' 'openSUSE-2018-33' 'openSUSE-2018-34' 'openSUSE-2018-35' 'openSUSE-2018-36' 'openSUSE-2018-37' 'openSUSE-2018-38' 'openSUSE-2018-39' 'openSUSE-2018-40' 'openSUSE-2018-41' 'openSUSE-2018-42' 'openSUSE-2018-43' 'openSUSE-2018-44' 'openSUSE-2018-45' 'openSUSE-2018-47' 'openSUSE-2018-48' 'openSUSE-2018-5' 'openSUSE-2018-50' 'openSUSE-2018-51' 'openSUSE-2018-52' 'openSUSE-2018-53' 'openSUSE-2018-54' 'openSUSE-2018-55' 'openSUSE-2018-56' 'openSUSE-2018-57' 'openSUSE-2018-58' 'openSUSE-2018-59' 'openSUSE-2018-60' 'openSUSE-2018-61' 'openSUSE-2018-62' 'openSUSE-2018-63' 'openSUSE-2018-64' 'openSUSE-2018-65' 'openSUSE-2018-67' 'openSUSE-2018-68' 'openSUSE-2018-7' 'openSUSE-2018-70' 'openSUSE-2018-71' 'openSUSE-2018-73' 'openSUSE-2018-74' 'openSUSE-2018-75' 'openSUSE-2018-78' 'openSUSE-2018-79' 'openSUSE-2018-8' 'openSUSE-2018-80' 'openSUSE-2018-81' 'openSUSE-2018-82' 'openSUSE-2018-83' 'openSUSE-2018-84' 'openSUSE-2018-85' 'openSUSE-2018-86' 'openSUSE-2018-87' 'openSUSE-2018-88' 'openSUSE-2018-89' 'openSUSE-2018-90' 'openSUSE-2018-91' 'openSUSE-2018-92' 'openSUSE-2018-93' 'openSUSE-2018-94' 'openSUSE-2018-95' 'openSUSE-2018-96' 'openSUSE-2018-97' 'openSUSE-2018-98' 'openSUSE-2018-99' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release-addon-nonoss' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release-ftp' 'openSUSE-EULAs' 'openSUSE-appdata-extra' 'openSUSE-appstream-process' 'openSUSE-build-key' 'openSUSE-release' 'openSUSE-release-dvd' 'openSUSE-release-ftp' 'openSUSE-xfce-icon-theme' 'openal-soft' 'openal-soft-devel' 'openal-soft-devel-32bit' 'openam' 'openarena' 'openarena-data' 'openbabel' 'openblas-devel' 'openblas-devel-headers' 'openblas-devel-static' 'openbox' 'openbox-adwaita-ob-theme' 'openbox-devel' 'openbox-gnome' 'openbox-kde' 'opencc' 'opencc-data' 'opencc-devel' 'opencl-headers' 'opencl-headers-1_2' 'openclipart-png' 'openclipart-svg' 'openclonk' 'openconnect' 'openconnect' 'openconnect-devel' 'openconnect-doc' 'openconnect-lang' 'opencore-amr' 'opencore-amr-debugsource' 'openct' 'openct-devel' 'opencv' 'opencv-devel' 'opencv-doc' 'opencv-qt5' 'opencv-qt5-devel' 'opencv-qt5-doc' 'opendchub' 'opendvdproducer' 'opendvdproducer' 'openexr' 'openexr' 'openexr-devel' 'openexr-doc' 'openfetion' 'openfetion' 'openfetion-debuginfo' 'openfetion-debugsource' 'openfetion-lang' 'opengl-games-utils' 'opengost-otf-fonts' 'opengost-ttf-fonts' 'openh323' 'openh323-devel' 'openhpi' 'openhpi-clients' 'openhpi-daemon' 'openhpi-devel' 'openhpi-subagent' 'openjade' 'openjade-devel' 'openjpeg' 'openjpeg' 'openjpeg-devel' 'openjpeg-devel-32bit' 'openjpeg2' 'openjpeg2' 'openjpeg2-devel' 'openldap2' 'openldap2' 'openldap2-back-meta' 'openldap2-back-perl' 'openldap2-back-sock' 'openldap2-back-sql' 'openldap2-client' 'openldap2-contrib' 'openldap2-devel' 'openldap2-devel-32bit' 'openldap2-devel-static' 'openldap2-doc' 'openldap2-ppolicy-check-password' 'openlibm-devel' 'openlmi' 'openlmi-account' 'openlmi-fan' 'openlmi-hardware' 'openlmi-journald' 'openlmi-locale' 'openlmi-logicalfile' 'openlmi-networking' 'openlmi-pcp' 'openlmi-pegasus-compat' 'openlmi-powermanagement' 'openlmi-providers' 'openlmi-providers-devel' 'openlmi-providers-doc' 'openlmi-providers-libs' 'openlmi-python-base' 'openlmi-python-providers' 'openlmi-python-test' 'openlmi-service' 'openlmi-software' 'openlmi-tools' 'openmarkup' 'openmarkup-javadoc' 'openmarkup-manual' 'openmcu' 'openmcu-codecs' 'openmpi' 'openmpi' 'openmpi-devel' 'openmpi-devel-static' 'openmpi-libs' 'openmpi-libs-32bit' 'openmpi-testsuite' 'openmpi-testsuite' 'openobex-apps' 'openobex-devel' 'openocd' 'openocd-data' 'openparamon' 'openpgm-devel' 'opensaml' 'opensaml-bin' 'opensaml-schemas' 'opensc' 'openscap' 'openscap-content' 'openscap-devel' 'openscap-extra-probes' 'openscap-utils' 'openshot-qt' 'openshot-qt' 'openslide-doc' 'openslide-tools' 'openslp' 'openslp-32bit' 'openslp-devel' 'openslp-server' 'opensm' 'opensm-devel' 'opensm-devel-32bit' 'opensm-libs3' 'opensm-libs3-32bit' 'opensnc' 'opensnc' 'opensnc-debuginfo' 'opensnc-debugsource' 'opensp' 'opensp-devel' 'opensp-doc' 'openspecfun-devel' 'openssh' 'openssh' 'openssh-askpass' 'openssh-askpass-gnome' 'openssh-askpass-gnome' 'openssh-cavs' 'openssh-fips' 'openssh-helpers' 'openssl' 'openssl' 'openssl-cavs' 'openssl-doc' 'openssl-engine-af_alg' 'openssl-steam' 'openssl_tpm_engine' 'openstack-macros' 'openstack-suse-macros' 'openstack-suse-sudo' 'openstack-tempest' 'openstack-tempest-doc' 'openstack-utils' 'openttd' 'openttd-data' 'openttd-dedicated' 'openttd-opengfx' 'openucx-tools' 'openvas-cli' 'openvas-manager' 'openvas-scanner' 'openvas-scanner-doc' 'openvpn' 'openvpn' 'openvpn-auth-pam-plugin' 'openvpn-devel' 'openvpn-down-root-plugin' 'openvswitch' 'openvswitch' 'openvswitch-devel' 'openvswitch-ovn-central' 'openvswitch-ovn-common' 'openvswitch-ovn-docker' 'openvswitch-ovn-host' 'openvswitch-ovn-vtep' 'openvswitch-pki' 'openvswitch-test' 'openvswitch-vtep' 'openwsman-java' 'openwsman-perl' 'openwsman-python' 'openwsman-ruby' 'openwsman-ruby-docs' 'openwsman-server' 'openwsman-server-plugin-ruby' 'openxcom' 'openxcom-doc' 'opera' 'opera' 'opie' 'opie-32bit' 'oping' 'opmsg' 'oprofile' 'oprofile-32bit' 'oprofile-devel' 'opt_gnome-compat' 'optipng' 'optipng' 'opus-tools' 'opusfile-devel' 'orage' 'orage-doc' 'orage-lang' 'orbit2' 'orbit2-32bit' 'orbit2-devel' 'orbit2-doc' 'orc' 'orc-doc' 'orca' 'orca-lang' 'orkhon-fonts' 'oro' 'oro-javadoc' 'ortp' 'ortp' 'ortp-debuginfo' 'ortp-debugsource' 'ortp-devel' 'os-autoinst' 'os-autoinst-openvswitch' 'os-prober' 'osc' 'osc' 'osc-plugin-collab' 'osc-plugin-install' 'osdlyrics' 'osdlyrics-lang' 'osinfo-db' 'osinfo-db' 'osinfo-db-tools' 'osslsigncode' 'ossp-uuid' 'oto' 'otrs' 'otrs' 'otrs-doc' 'otrs-itsm' 'ovirt-guest-agent-common' 'ovmf' 'ovmf' 'ovmf-tools' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-base_rules' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-experimental_rules' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-optional_rules' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-slr_rules' 'owncloud-client' 'owncloud-client-caja' 'owncloud-client-doc' 'owncloud-client-dolphin' 'owncloud-client-l10n' 'owncloud-client-nautilus' 'owncloud-client-nemo' 'oxygen4-cursors' 'oxygen5' 'oxygen5-cursors' 'oxygen5-decoration' 'oxygen5-devel' 'oxygen5-icon-theme' 'oxygen5-icon-theme-large' 'oxygen5-icon-theme-scalable' 'oxygen5-lang' 'oxygen5-sounds' 'oxygen5-style' 'oxygen5-style-32bit' 'oyranos' 'oyranos-monitor' 'oyranos-profile-graph' 'oyranos-qcmsevents' 'oyranos-qcmsevents-qt4' 'oyranos-ui-fltk' 'p0f' 'p11-kit' 'p11-kit-32bit' 'p11-kit-devel' 'p11-kit-nss-trust' 'p11-kit-tools' 'p7zip' 'p7zip' 'p8-platform' 'p8-platform-debugsource' 'p8-platform-devel' 'pacemaker' 'pacemaker-cli' 'pacemaker-cts' 'pacemaker-remote' 'packETH' 'package-translations' 'pacpl' 'pacpl' 'pagemon' 'pagetools' 'paglinawan-quicksand-fonts' 'pagul-fonts' 'palapeli' 'palapeli-data' 'palapeli-devel' 'palm-db-tools' 'pam' 'pam' 'pam-32bit' 'pam-config' 'pam-devel' 'pam-devel-32bit' 'pam-doc' 'pam-modules' 'pam-modules-32bit' 'pam_apparmor' 'pam_apparmor-32bit' 'pam_ccreds' 'pam_ccreds-32bit' 'pam_chroot' 'pam_chroot-32bit' 'pam_cifscreds' 'pam_csync' 'pam_csync-32bit' 'pam_krb5' 'pam_krb5-32bit' 'pam_kwallet' 'pam_ldap' 'pam_ldap-32bit' 'pam_mktemp' 'pam_mktemp-32bit' 'pam_mount' 'pam_mount-32bit' 'pam_p11' 'pam_p11-32bit' 'pam_passwdqc' 'pam_passwdqc-32bit' 'pam_pkcs11' 'pam_pkcs11-32bit' 'pam_pwquality' 'pam_radius' 'pam_radius-32bit' 'pam_smb' 'pam_smb-32bit' 'pam_snapper' 'pam_ssh' 'pam_ssh-32bit' 'pam_u2f' 'pam_userpass' 'pam_userpass-32bit' 'pam_wrapper' 'pam_yubico' 'paman' 'pan' 'pan-lang' 'pandoc' 'pandoc-pdf' 'pango-devel' 'pango-devel-32bit' 'pango-tools' 'pangomm-devel' 'pangomm-doc' 'pangox-compat' 'pangox-devel' 'pantheon-calculator' 'pantheon-calculator-lang' 'pantheon-photos' 'pantheon-photos-lang' 'pantheon-terminal' 'pantheon-terminal-lang' 'paper-icon-theme' 'paperclips' 'paperclips-javadoc' 'paperkey' 'paperwork' 'papi' 'papi-devel' 'papi-devel-32bit' 'papi-devel-static' 'paprefs' 'paprefs-lang' 'par' 'parallel-netcdf-devel-data' 'parallel-netcdf-openmpi' 'parallel-netcdf-openmpi-devel' 'parallel-netcdf-openmpi-devel-static' 'parallel-printer-support' 'paratype-pt-mono-fonts' 'paratype-pt-sans-fonts' 'paratype-pt-serif-fonts' 'paraview' 'parcellite' 'pari-devel' 'pari-elldata' 'pari-galdata' 'pari-galpol' 'pari-gp' 'pari-nftables' 'pari-seadata' 'parkverbot' 'parley' 'parley-lang' 'parole' 'parole-devel' 'parole-lang' 'parpack-openmpi' 'parpack-openmpi-devel' 'parpack-openmpi-devel-32bit' 'partclone' 'partclone-lang' 'parted' 'parted-devel' 'parted-lang' 'parti' 'partitionmanager' 'partitionmanager-lang' 'passwdqc' 'passwdqc-devel' 'password-store' 'password-store-dmenu' 'pasystray' 'pasystray' 'patch' 'patch2mail' 'patchelf' 'patchutils' 'patterns-openSUSE-32bit' 'patterns-openSUSE-64bit' 'patterns-openSUSE-apparmor' 'patterns-openSUSE-apparmor_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-base' 'patterns-openSUSE-books' 'patterns-openSUSE-console' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_C_C++' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_ide' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_java' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_kde_frameworks' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_kernel' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_mono' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_perl' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_python' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_python3' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_qt4' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_qt5' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_rpm_build' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_ruby' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_tcl' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_web' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-dhcp_dns_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-directory_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-enhanced_base' 'patterns-openSUSE-enhanced_base_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-enlightenment' 'patterns-openSUSE-file_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-fonts' 'patterns-openSUSE-fonts_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-games' 'patterns-openSUSE-gateway_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-generic_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_admin' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_basis_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_games' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_ide' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_imaging' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_imaging_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_internet' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_multimedia' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_multimedia_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_office_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-haskell_platform' 'patterns-openSUSE-imaging' 'patterns-openSUSE-imaging_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_edutainment' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_games' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_ide' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_imaging' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_internet' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_multimedia' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_plasma' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_telepathy' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_utilities_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-kvm_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-lamp_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_browser' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_media' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_messenger' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_netutils' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxde' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxde_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxde_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxqt' 'patterns-openSUSE-mail_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_admin' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_internet' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_office_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-minimal_base' 'patterns-openSUSE-minimal_base-conflicts' 'patterns-openSUSE-misc_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-multimedia' 'patterns-openSUSE-multimedia_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-network_admin' 'patterns-openSUSE-non_oss' 'patterns-openSUSE-non_oss_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-office' 'patterns-openSUSE-office_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-print_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-remote_desktop' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_x11' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_core_dvd' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_dvd' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_dvd9' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_promo_dvd' 'patterns-openSUSE-sw_management' 'patterns-openSUSE-sw_management_gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-sw_management_kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-tabletpc' 'patterns-openSUSE-technical_writing' 'patterns-openSUSE-update_test' 'patterns-openSUSE-voip' 'patterns-openSUSE-x11' 'patterns-openSUSE-x11_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-x11_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-x86' 'patterns-openSUSE-xen_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-yast2_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-yast2_install_wf' 'pavucontrol' 'pavucontrol-lang' 'pavucontrol-qt' 'pavuk' 'pavumeter' 'pax-utils' 'pbm2l7k' 'pbuilder' 'pbzip2' 'pcapdump' 'pcapinfo' 'pcb' 'pcb-doc' 'pcc' 'pcfclock' 'pcfclock' 'pcfclock-kmp-default' 'pciutils' 'pciutils-devel' 'pciutils-devel-32bit' 'pciutils-ids' 'pcmanfm' 'pcmanfm-devel' 'pcmanfm-lang' 'pcmanfm-qt' 'pcmanfm-qt-lang' 'pcmanx-gtk2' 'pcmciautils' 'pcp' 'pcp' 'pcp-conf' 'pcp-devel' 'pcp-doc' 'pcp-export-pcp2graphite' 'pcp-export-pcp2influxdb' 'pcp-export-zabbix-agent' 'pcp-gui' 'pcp-import-collectl2pcp' 'pcp-import-ganglia2pcp' 'pcp-import-iostat2pcp' 'pcp-import-mrtg2pcp' 'pcp-import-sar2pcp' 'pcp-manager' 'pcp-pmda-activemq' 'pcp-pmda-apache' 'pcp-pmda-bash' 'pcp-pmda-bind2' 'pcp-pmda-bonding' 'pcp-pmda-cifs' 'pcp-pmda-cisco' 'pcp-pmda-dbping' 'pcp-pmda-dm' 'pcp-pmda-docker' 'pcp-pmda-ds389' 'pcp-pmda-ds389log' 'pcp-pmda-elasticsearch' 'pcp-pmda-gfs2' 'pcp-pmda-gluster' 'pcp-pmda-gpfs' 'pcp-pmda-gpsd' 'pcp-pmda-infiniband' 'pcp-pmda-json' 'pcp-pmda-kvm' 'pcp-pmda-lmsensors' 'pcp-pmda-logger' 'pcp-pmda-lustre' 'pcp-pmda-lustrecomm' 'pcp-pmda-mailq' 'pcp-pmda-memcache' 'pcp-pmda-mic' 'pcp-pmda-mounts' 'pcp-pmda-mysql' 'pcp-pmda-named' 'pcp-pmda-netfilter' 'pcp-pmda-news' 'pcp-pmda-nfsclient' 'pcp-pmda-nginx' 'pcp-pmda-nutcracker' 'pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu' 'pcp-pmda-oracle' 'pcp-pmda-papi' 'pcp-pmda-pdns' 'pcp-pmda-perfevent' 'pcp-pmda-postfix' 'pcp-pmda-redis' 'pcp-pmda-roomtemp' 'pcp-pmda-rpm' 'pcp-pmda-rsyslog' 'pcp-pmda-samba' 'pcp-pmda-sendmail' 'pcp-pmda-shping' 'pcp-pmda-slurm' 'pcp-pmda-snmp' 'pcp-pmda-summary' 'pcp-pmda-systemd' 'pcp-pmda-trace' 'pcp-pmda-unbound' 'pcp-pmda-vmware' 'pcp-pmda-weblog' 'pcp-pmda-zimbra' 'pcp-pmda-zswap' 'pcp-system-tools' 'pcp-testsuite' 'pcp-webapi' 'pcre' 'pcre-devel' 'pcre-devel-static' 'pcre-doc' 'pcre-tools' 'pcre2-devel' 'pcre2-devel-static' 'pcre2-doc' 'pcre2-tools' 'pcsc-acr38' 'pcsc-acr38-devel' 'pcsc-acsccid' 'pcsc-asedriveiiie-serial' 'pcsc-asedriveiiie-usb' 'pcsc-asekey' 'pcsc-ccid' 'pcsc-cyberjack' 'pcsc-eco5000' 'pcsc-gempc' 'pcsc-lite' 'pcsc-lite-devel' 'pcsc-openct' 'pcsc-reflex60' 'pcsc-towitoko' 'pcsc-towitoko-devel' 'pcsx2' 'pcsx2-32bit' 'pcsx2-debuginfo-32bit' 'pcsxr' 'pcsxr' 'pcsxr-debuginfo' 'pcsxr-debugsource' 'pdf2djvu' 'pdf2djvu-lang' 'pdf2svg' 'pdfchain' 'pdfcompare' 'pdfshuffler' 'pdfshuffler-lang' 'pdftk' 'pdftk-qgui' 'pdftk-qgui' 'pdftk-qgui-debuginfo' 'pdi2iso' 'pdi2iso' 'pdi2iso-debuginfo' 'pdns' 'pdns' 'pdns-backend-geoip' 'pdns-backend-godbc' 'pdns-backend-ldap' 'pdns-backend-lua' 'pdns-backend-mydns' 'pdns-backend-mysql' 'pdns-backend-postgresql' 'pdns-backend-remote' 'pdns-backend-sqlite3' 'pdns-common' 'pdns-recursor' 'pdns-recursor' 'pdnsd' 'pdnsd-doc' 'pdsh' 'peek' 'peek-lang' 'peerunity-qt' 'peerunityd' 'peksystray' 'pen' 'pencil' 'pentaho-libxml' 'pentaho-libxml-javadoc' 'pentaho-reporting-flow-engine' 'pentaho-reporting-flow-engine-javadoc' 'pepper' 'percona-toolkit' 'perf' 'perf' 'performous' 'performous' 'performous-debuginfo' 'performous-debugsource' 'perftest' 'perl' 'perl' 'perl-32bit' 'perl-Algorithm-Annotate' 'perl-Algorithm-C3' 'perl-Algorithm-CheckDigits' 'perl-Algorithm-Combinatorics' 'perl-Algorithm-Diff' 'perl-Alien-SDL' 'perl-Alien-Tidyp' 'perl-Alien-wxWidgets' 'perl-Any-Moose' 'perl-AnyEvent' 'perl-AnyEvent-HTTP' 'perl-AnyEvent-I3' 'perl-Apache-AuthCookie' 'perl-Apache-DBI' 'perl-Apache-Filter' 'perl-Apache-LogFormat-Compiler' 'perl-Apache-Session' 'perl-Apache-SessionX' 'perl-Apache2-AuthCookieDBI' 'perl-App-Ack' 'perl-App-CELL' 'perl-App-CLI' 'perl-App-Cmd' 'perl-App-Dochazka-CLI' 'perl-App-Dochazka-Common' 'perl-App-Dochazka-WWW' 'perl-App-FatPacker' 'perl-App-MFILE' 'perl-App-MFILE-WWW' 'perl-App-Nopaste' 'perl-App-Rad' 'perl-App-cpanminus' 'perl-AppConfig' 'perl-Archive-Extract' 'perl-Archive-Peek' 'perl-Archive-Zip' 'perl-Array-Unique' 'perl-Audio-FLAC-Header' 'perl-Audio-FLAC-Header' 'perl-Audio-Musepack' 'perl-Audio-Musepack' 'perl-Audio-RPLD' 'perl-Audio-RPLD' 'perl-Audio-Scan' 'perl-Audio-Scan' 'perl-Audio-Scan-debuginfo' 'perl-Audio-Scan-debugsource' 'perl-Audio-WMA' 'perl-Audio-WMA' 'perl-Authen-DecHpwd' 'perl-Authen-Passphrase' 'perl-Authen-SASL' 'perl-Authen-SASL-Cyrus' 'perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope' 'perl-B-Hooks-OP-Annotation' 'perl-B-Hooks-OP-Check' 'perl-B-Hooks-OP-PPAddr' 'perl-B-Keywords' 'perl-B-Utils' 'perl-BIND-Conf_Parser' 'perl-BSD-Resource' 'perl-Benchmark-Timer' 'perl-BerkeleyDB' 'perl-Bit-Vector' 'perl-Boost-Geometry-Utils' 'perl-Bootloader' 'perl-Bootloader-YAML' 'perl-Browser-Open' 'perl-Business-ISBN' 'perl-Business-ISBN-Data' 'perl-Business-ISBN-Data' 'perl-Business-ISMN' 'perl-Business-ISSN' 'perl-CBOR-XS' 'perl-CBOR-XS' 'perl-CBOR-XS-debuginfo' 'perl-CBOR-XS-debugsource' 'perl-CDDB_get' 'perl-CGI' 'perl-CGI-Ajax' 'perl-CGI-Application' 'perl-CGI-FastTemplate' 'perl-CGI-FormBuilder' 'perl-CGI-Session' 'perl-CGI-Simple' 'perl-CHI' 'perl-CLASS' 'perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo' 'perl-CPAN-Meta' 'perl-CPAN-Meta-Check' 'perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements' 'perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML' 'perl-CPAN-Mini' 'perl-CPAN-Perl-Releases' 'perl-CPAN-Uploader' 'perl-CSS-Minifier-XS' 'perl-CSS-Tiny' 'perl-Cache-Cache' 'perl-Cache-LRU' 'perl-Cairo' 'perl-Calendar-Simple' 'perl-Canary-Stability' 'perl-Capture-Tiny' 'perl-Carp-Always' 'perl-Carp-Assert' 'perl-Carp-Assert-More' 'perl-Carp-Clan' 'perl-Carton' 'perl-Catalyst-Manual' 'perl-Chart' 'perl-Class-Accessor' 'perl-Class-Accessor-Chained' 'perl-Class-Accessor-Grouped' 'perl-Class-Accessor-Lite' 'perl-Class-Adapter' 'perl-Class-Autouse' 'perl-Class-Base' 'perl-Class-C3' 'perl-Class-C3-Adopt-NEXT' 'perl-Class-C3-Componentised' 'perl-Class-C3-XS' 'perl-Class-Container' 'perl-Class-DBI' 'perl-Class-Data-Inheritable' 'perl-Class-Date' 'perl-Class-Factory-Util' 'perl-Class-ISA' 'perl-Class-Inner' 'perl-Class-Inspector' 'perl-Class-Load' 'perl-Class-Load-XS' 'perl-Class-MakeMethods' 'perl-Class-Method-Modifiers' 'perl-Class-Method-Modifiers-Fast' 'perl-Class-MethodMaker' 'perl-Class-Mix' 'perl-Class-Multimethods' 'perl-Class-ReturnValue' 'perl-Class-Singleton' 'perl-Class-Spiffy' 'perl-Class-Std' 'perl-Class-Tiny' 'perl-Class-Trigger' 'perl-Class-Unload' 'perl-Class-WhiteHole' 'perl-Class-XPath' 'perl-Class-XSAccessor' 'perl-Clipboard' 'perl-Clone' 'perl-Clone-PP' 'perl-Compress-Bzip2' 'perl-Config-Any' 'perl-Config-Auto' 'perl-Config-AutoConf' 'perl-Config-Crontab' 'perl-Config-General' 'perl-Config-GitLike' 'perl-Config-Grammar' 'perl-Config-INI' 'perl-Config-IniFiles' 'perl-Config-MVP' 'perl-Config-MVP-Reader-INI' 'perl-Config-MySQL' 'perl-Config-Simple' 'perl-Config-Std' 'perl-Config-Tiny' 'perl-Const-Fast' 'perl-Context-Preserve' 'perl-Contextual-Return' 'perl-Convert-ASN1' 'perl-Convert-BER' 'perl-Convert-BinHex' 'perl-Convert-TNEF' 'perl-Convert-UUlib' 'perl-Cookie-Baker' 'perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS' 'perl-Crypt-Blowfish' 'perl-Crypt-CBC' 'perl-Crypt-DES' 'perl-Crypt-DH-GMP' 'perl-Crypt-Eksblowfish' 'perl-Crypt-MySQL' 'perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum' 'perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA' 'perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random' 'perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5' 'perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5' 'perl-Crypt-RC4' 'perl-Crypt-Rijndael' 'perl-Crypt-Rot13' 'perl-Crypt-SSLeay' 'perl-Crypt-SaltedHash' 'perl-Crypt-SmbHash' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish-debuginfo' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish-debugsource' 'perl-Crypt-UnixCrypt_XS' 'perl-Curses' 'perl-CursesWidgets' 'perl-Cwd-Guard' 'perl-Cyrus-IMAP' 'perl-Cyrus-SIEVE-managesieve' 'perl-DBD-CSV' 'perl-DBD-ODBC' 'perl-DBD-Pg' 'perl-DBD-SQLite' 'perl-DBD-XBase' 'perl-DBD-mysql' 'perl-DBI' 'perl-DBICx-TestDatabase' 'perl-DBIx-Class' 'perl-DBIx-Class-DeploymentHandler' 'perl-DBIx-Class-DynamicDefault' 'perl-DBIx-Class-Fixtures' 'perl-DBIx-Class-InflateColumn-FS' 'perl-DBIx-Class-IntrospectableM2M' 'perl-DBIx-Class-OptimisticLocking' 'perl-DBIx-Class-Schema-Config' 'perl-DBIx-Class-Schema-Loader' 'perl-DBIx-Class-UUIDColumns' 'perl-DBIx-Connector' 'perl-DBIx-ContextualFetch' 'perl-DBIx-Simple' 'perl-DBIx-Transaction' 'perl-DBM-Deep' 'perl-DNS-LDNS' 'perl-Data-AMF' 'perl-Data-Clone' 'perl-Data-Compare' 'perl-Data-Dump' 'perl-Data-Dump-Streamer' 'perl-Data-Dumper-Concise' 'perl-Data-Entropy' 'perl-Data-Float' 'perl-Data-Hexify' 'perl-Data-Hierarchy' 'perl-Data-Integer' 'perl-Data-OptList' 'perl-Data-Page' 'perl-Data-Peek' 'perl-Data-Perl' 'perl-Data-Printer' 'perl-Data-Random' 'perl-Data-Section' 'perl-Data-Section-Simple' 'perl-Data-ShowTable' 'perl-Data-Uniqid' 'perl-Data-Util' 'perl-Data-Visitor' 'perl-Date-Calc' 'perl-Date-Holidays-CZ' 'perl-Date-Manip' 'perl-Date-Simple' 'perl-Date-Tiny' 'perl-DateTime' 'perl-DateTime-Calendar-Mayan' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Builder' 'perl-DateTime-Format-DateParse' 'perl-DateTime-Format-ISO8601' 'perl-DateTime-Format-ISO8601' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Mail' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Mail' 'perl-DateTime-Format-MySQL' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Pg' 'perl-DateTime-Format-SQLite' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime' 'perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF' 'perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF' 'perl-DateTime-Locale' 'perl-DateTime-TimeZone' 'perl-DateTime-Tiny' 'perl-Debug-Trace' 'perl-Declare-Constraints-Simple' 'perl-Devel-Caller' 'perl-Devel-CheckBin' 'perl-Devel-CheckCompiler' 'perl-Devel-CheckLib' 'perl-Devel-CheckOS' 'perl-Devel-Confess' 'perl-Devel-CoreStack' 'perl-Devel-Cover' 'perl-Devel-Cycle' 'perl-Devel-Declare' 'perl-Devel-FindPerl' 'perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction' 'perl-Devel-Hide' 'perl-Devel-Leak' 'perl-Devel-LexAlias' 'perl-Devel-NYTProf' 'perl-Devel-OverloadInfo' 'perl-Devel-PPPort' 'perl-Devel-PartialDump' 'perl-Devel-PatchPerl' 'perl-Devel-StackTrace' 'perl-Devel-StackTrace-AsHTML' 'perl-Devel-Symdump' 'perl-Devel-TakeHashArgs' 'perl-Devel-Trace' 'perl-Device-SerialPort' 'perl-Digest-CRC' 'perl-Digest-HMAC' 'perl-Digest-JHash' 'perl-Digest-MD4' 'perl-Digest-MD5' 'perl-Digest-MD5' 'perl-Digest-MD5-debuginfo' 'perl-Digest-MD5-debugsource' 'perl-Digest-Perl-MD5' 'perl-Digest-SHA1' 'perl-Dist-CheckConflicts' 'perl-Dist-Zilla' 'perl-Email-Abstract' 'perl-Email-Address' 'perl-Email-Date-Format' 'perl-Email-Find' 'perl-Email-Find' 'perl-Email-MIME-ContentType' 'perl-Email-MIME-Encodings' 'perl-Email-MessageID' 'perl-Email-Simple' 'perl-Email-Valid' 'perl-Encode-Detect' 'perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII' 'perl-Encode-HanExtra' 'perl-Encode-JIS2K' 'perl-Encode-Locale' 'perl-Error' 'perl-Eval-Closure' 'perl-Event' 'perl-Event-ExecFlow' 'perl-Event-ExecFlow' 'perl-Event-RPC' 'perl-Event-RPC' 'perl-Exception-Base' 'perl-Exception-Class' 'perl-Expect' 'perl-Export-Attrs' 'perl-Export-Attrs' 'perl-Exporter-Declare' 'perl-Exporter-Lite' 'perl-Exporter-Tidy' 'perl-Exporter-Tiny' 'perl-ExtUtils-CChecker' 'perl-ExtUtils-Config' 'perl-ExtUtils-CppGuess' 'perl-ExtUtils-Depends' 'perl-ExtUtils-F77' 'perl-ExtUtils-Helpers' 'perl-ExtUtils-InstallPaths' 'perl-ExtUtils-LibBuilder' 'perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker' 'perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-CPANfile' 'perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-mini' 'perl-ExtUtils-Manifest' 'perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig' 'perl-ExtUtils-Typemaps-Default' 'perl-ExtUtils-XSpp' 'perl-FastCGI' 'perl-Fennec-Lite' 'perl-File-BaseDir' 'perl-File-Basename-Object' 'perl-File-Comments' 'perl-File-Copy-Recursive' 'perl-File-DesktopEntry' 'perl-File-FcntlLock' 'perl-File-Find-Rule' 'perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl' 'perl-File-Finder' 'perl-File-HomeDir' 'perl-File-Listing' 'perl-File-MMagic' 'perl-File-Mork' 'perl-File-Next' 'perl-File-Path' 'perl-File-Path-Tiny' 'perl-File-RandomAccess' 'perl-File-ReadBackwards' 'perl-File-Remove' 'perl-File-Rsync' 'perl-File-ShareDir' 'perl-File-ShareDir-Install' 'perl-File-ShareDir-ProjectDistDir' 'perl-File-Slurp' 'perl-File-Slurp-Tiny' 'perl-File-Slurp-Unicode' 'perl-File-Slurper' 'perl-File-Sync' 'perl-File-Tail' 'perl-File-Temp' 'perl-File-Touch' 'perl-File-Type' 'perl-File-Which' 'perl-File-chdir' 'perl-File-pushd' 'perl-FileHandle-Unget' 'perl-Filesys-Df' 'perl-Filesys-Notify-Simple' 'perl-Finance-Quote' 'perl-FindBin-Real' 'perl-Font-AFM' 'perl-Font-FreeType' 'perl-Font-TTF' 'perl-FreezeThaw' 'perl-Future' 'perl-GD' 'perl-GD-Barcode' 'perl-GD-Graph3d' 'perl-GDGraph' 'perl-GDTextUtil' 'perl-GStreamer1' 'perl-Geo-Coordinates-UTM' 'perl-Geography-Countries' 'perl-Getopt-ArgvFile' 'perl-Getopt-Long-Descriptive' 'perl-Getopt-Tabular' 'perl-Glib' 'perl-Glib-Object-Introspection' 'perl-Gnome2' 'perl-Gnome2-Canvas' 'perl-Gnome2-GConf' 'perl-Gnome2-VFS' 'perl-Gnome2-Wnck' 'perl-GnuPG-Interface' 'perl-Goo-Canvas' 'perl-Graph' 'perl-GraphViz' 'perl-GraphicsMagick' 'perl-Gravatar-URL' 'perl-Growl-GNTP' 'perl-Gtk2' 'perl-Gtk2-AppIndicator' 'perl-Gtk2-Ex-FormFactory' 'perl-Gtk2-Ex-FormFactory' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML-debugsource' 'perl-Gtk2-ImageView' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify-debugsource' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon-debugsource' 'perl-Gtk2-Unique' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit-debugsource' 'perl-Guard' 'perl-HTML-Clean' 'perl-HTML-Element-Extended' 'perl-HTML-Encoding' 'perl-HTML-FillInForm' 'perl-HTML-Form' 'perl-HTML-FormHandler' 'perl-HTML-Format' 'perl-HTML-FromText' 'perl-HTML-FromText' 'perl-HTML-Parser' 'perl-HTML-RewriteAttributes' 'perl-HTML-Scrubber' 'perl-HTML-SimpleParse' 'perl-HTML-Strip' 'perl-HTML-Strip' 'perl-HTML-Strip-debuginfo' 'perl-HTML-Strip-debugsource' 'perl-HTML-TableExtract' 'perl-HTML-Tagset' 'perl-HTML-Template' 'perl-HTML-Tidy' 'perl-HTML-TokeParser-Simple' 'perl-HTML-Tree' 'perl-HTTP-Body' 'perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent' 'perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent' 'perl-HTTP-Cookies' 'perl-HTTP-DAV' 'perl-HTTP-Daemon' 'perl-HTTP-Date' 'perl-HTTP-Headers-ActionPack' 'perl-HTTP-Headers-Fast' 'perl-HTTP-Lite' 'perl-HTTP-Message' 'perl-HTTP-Negotiate' 'perl-HTTP-Parser-XS' 'perl-HTTP-Request-AsCGI' 'perl-HTTP-Server-Simple' 'perl-HTTP-Thin' 'perl-HTTP-Tiny' 'perl-HTTPS-Daemon' 'perl-Hash-Merge' 'perl-Hash-Merge-Simple' 'perl-Hash-MoreUtils' 'perl-Hash-MultiValue' 'perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash-Compat' 'perl-Hook-LexWrap' 'perl-IO-All' 'perl-IO-Async' 'perl-IO-CaptureOutput' 'perl-IO-Digest' 'perl-IO-HTML' 'perl-IO-Handle-Util' 'perl-IO-Interactive' 'perl-IO-Interface' 'perl-IO-Multiplex' 'perl-IO-Pager' 'perl-IO-Pipely' 'perl-IO-SessionData' 'perl-IO-Socket-INET6' 'perl-IO-Socket-IP' 'perl-IO-Socket-Multicast' 'perl-IO-Socket-PortState' 'perl-IO-Socket-SSL' 'perl-IO-Socket-Timeout' 'perl-IO-String' 'perl-IO-Stty' 'perl-IO-TieCombine' 'perl-IO-Tty' 'perl-IO-stringy' 'perl-IP-Country' 'perl-IPC-Run' 'perl-IPC-Run3' 'perl-IPC-ShareLite' 'perl-IPC-System-Simple' 'perl-IRI' 'perl-Ima-DBI' 'perl-Image-ExifTool' 'perl-Image-Info' 'perl-Image-Size' 'perl-Import-Into' 'perl-Inline' 'perl-Inline-C' 'perl-Inline-C' 'perl-Iterator' 'perl-Iterator-Util' 'perl-JSON' 'perl-JSON-Any' 'perl-JSON-DWIW' 'perl-JSON-MaybeXS' 'perl-JSON-RPC' 'perl-JSON-XS' 'perl-JavaScript-Minifier-XS' 'perl-LWP-MediaTypes' 'perl-LWP-Online' 'perl-LWP-Protocol-https' 'perl-Lexical-Persistence' 'perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints' 'perl-Lingua-EN-FindNumber' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-Number' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-Phrase' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Number-IsOrdinal' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Numbers-Ordinate' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Numbers-Ordinate' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Sentence' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Tagger' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Words2Nums' 'perl-Lingua-PT-Stemmer' 'perl-Lingua-Preferred' 'perl-Lingua-Preferred' 'perl-Lingua-Stem' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Fr' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-It' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Ru' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Snowball' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Snowball-Da' 'perl-Lingua-Translit' 'perl-Linux-Inotify2' 'perl-Linux-Pid' 'perl-List-AllUtils' 'perl-List-MoreUtils' 'perl-List-SomeUtils' 'perl-List-SomeUtils-XS' 'perl-List-UtilsBy' 'perl-Locale-Maketext-Gettext' 'perl-Locale-Maketext-Lexicon' 'perl-Locale-Msgfmt' 'perl-Locale-US' 'perl-LockFile-Simple' 'perl-Log-Any' 'perl-Log-Contextual' 'perl-Log-Dispatch' 'perl-Log-Dispatch-Array' 'perl-Log-Dispatch-Config' 'perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate' 'perl-Log-Dispatchouli' 'perl-Log-Log4perl' 'perl-Log-Message' 'perl-Log-Message-Simple' 'perl-Log-TraceMessages' 'perl-Log-TraceMessages' 'perl-MIME-Charset' 'perl-MIME-EncWords' 'perl-MIME-Lite' 'perl-MIME-Types' 'perl-MIME-tools' 'perl-MLDBM' 'perl-MLDBM-Sync' 'perl-MP3-Info' 'perl-MP3-Info' 'perl-MP3-Tag' 'perl-MP3-Tag' 'perl-MP4-Info' 'perl-MP4-Info' 'perl-MRO-Compat' 'perl-Mac-PropertyList' 'perl-Mail-DKIM' 'perl-Mail-Mbox-MessageParser' 'perl-Mail-SPF' 'perl-Mail-SPF-Test' 'perl-Mail-Sender' 'perl-Mail-Sendmail' 'perl-Mail-SpamAssassin' 'perl-Mail-SpamAssassin-Plugin-iXhash2' 'perl-MailTools' 'perl-Makefile-DOM' 'perl-Mason' 'perl-Math-Base-Convert' 'perl-Math-BigInt' 'perl-Math-BigInt-GMP' 'perl-Math-Calc-Units' 'perl-Math-Clipper' 'perl-Math-ConvexHull' 'perl-Math-ConvexHull-MonotoneChain' 'perl-Math-Geometry-Voronoi' 'perl-Math-Libm' 'perl-Math-PlanePath' 'perl-Math-Round' 'perl-Mcrypt' 'perl-Memoize-ExpireLRU' 'perl-Meta-Builder' 'perl-Method-Signatures-Simple' 'perl-Minion' 'perl-Mixin-Linewise' 'perl-Mo' 'perl-Mock-Quick' 'perl-Module-Build' 'perl-Module-Build-Deprecated' 'perl-Module-Build-Tiny' 'perl-Module-Build-WithXSpp' 'perl-Module-Build-XSUtil' 'perl-Module-CPANfile' 'perl-Module-Depends' 'perl-Module-Find' 'perl-Module-Implementation' 'perl-Module-Info' 'perl-Module-Install' 'perl-Module-Install-AuthorTests' 'perl-Module-Install-ExtraTests' 'perl-Module-Metadata' 'perl-Module-Path' 'perl-Module-Pluggable' 'perl-Module-Reader' 'perl-Module-Refresh' 'perl-Module-Runtime' 'perl-Module-Runtime-Conflicts' 'perl-Module-ScanDeps' 'perl-Module-Signature' 'perl-Module-Starter' 'perl-Mojo-RabbitMQ-Client' 'perl-Mojolicious' 'perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-AssetPack' 'perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-CHI' 'perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-RenderFile' 'perl-Moo' 'perl-MooX-HandlesVia' 'perl-MooX-Types-MooseLike' 'perl-MooX-Types-MooseLike-Numeric' 'perl-MooX-late' 'perl-Moose' 'perl-Moose-Autobox' 'perl-MooseX-Aliases' 'perl-MooseX-App-Cmd' 'perl-MooseX-ArrayRef' 'perl-MooseX-Attribute-ENV' 'perl-MooseX-AttributeHelpers' 'perl-MooseX-AuthorizedMethods' 'perl-MooseX-ClassAttribute' 'perl-MooseX-Clone' 'perl-MooseX-ConfigFromFile' 'perl-MooseX-Daemonize' 'perl-MooseX-Getopt' 'perl-MooseX-GlobRef' 'perl-MooseX-Has-Options' 'perl-MooseX-HasDefaults' 'perl-MooseX-InsideOut' 'perl-MooseX-Iterator' 'perl-MooseX-LazyLogDispatch' 'perl-MooseX-LazyRequire' 'perl-MooseX-Log-Log4perl' 'perl-MooseX-LogDispatch' 'perl-MooseX-MarkAsMethods' 'perl-MooseX-Meta-TypeConstraint-ForceCoercion' 'perl-MooseX-MultiInitArg' 'perl-MooseX-NonMoose' 'perl-MooseX-Object-Pluggable' 'perl-MooseX-OneArgNew' 'perl-MooseX-POE' 'perl-MooseX-Param' 'perl-MooseX-Role-Cmd' 'perl-MooseX-Role-Parameterized' 'perl-MooseX-Role-TraitConstructor' 'perl-MooseX-Role-WithOverloading' 'perl-MooseX-SemiAffordanceAccessor' 'perl-MooseX-SetOnce' 'perl-MooseX-SimpleConfig' 'perl-MooseX-Singleton' 'perl-MooseX-Storage' 'perl-MooseX-StrictConstructor' 'perl-MooseX-Traits' 'perl-MooseX-TransactionalMethods' 'perl-MooseX-Types' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Common' 'perl-MooseX-Types-LoadableClass' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Parameterizable' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Class' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Tiny' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Perl' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Set-Object' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Stringlike' 'perl-MooseX-Workers' 'perl-Mozilla-LDAP' 'perl-MythTV-0_27' 'perl-NKF' 'perl-Nagios-Plugin' 'perl-Net-AMQP' 'perl-Net-CIDR-Lite' 'perl-Net-DBus' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib-debuginfo' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib-debugsource' 'perl-Net-DNS' 'perl-Net-DNS-Resolver-Programmable' 'perl-Net-Daemon' 'perl-Net-Domain-TLD' 'perl-Net-HTTP' 'perl-Net-HTTPServer' 'perl-Net-IDN-Encode' 'perl-Net-INET6Glue' 'perl-Net-IP' 'perl-Net-IPv4Addr' 'perl-Net-Ident' 'perl-Net-Jabber' 'perl-Net-LibIDN' 'perl-Net-Libproxy' 'perl-Net-Netmask' 'perl-Net-OAuth' 'perl-Net-OpenID-Common' 'perl-Net-OpenID-Consumer' 'perl-Net-Oping' 'perl-Net-Patricia' 'perl-Net-Pcap' 'perl-Net-SMTP-SSL' 'perl-Net-SNMP' 'perl-Net-SSH2' 'perl-Net-SSLGlue' 'perl-Net-SSLeay' 'perl-Net-Server' 'perl-Net-TFTP' 'perl-Net-Telnet' 'perl-Net-UPnP' 'perl-Net-UPnP' 'perl-Net-Whois-RIPE' 'perl-Net-Whois-Raw' 'perl-Net-XMPP' 'perl-NetAddr-IP' 'perl-NetPacket' 'perl-NetxAP' 'perl-Number-Compare' 'perl-Number-Format' 'perl-OLE-Storage_Lite' 'perl-OSSP-uuid' 'perl-Object-Signature' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-PurePerl' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-PurePerl' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-debuginfo' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-debugsource' 'perl-PAR' 'perl-PAR-Dist' 'perl-PAR-Packer' 'perl-PCP-LogImport' 'perl-PCP-LogSummary' 'perl-PCP-MMV' 'perl-PCP-PMDA' 'perl-PDA-Pilot' 'perl-PDF-API2' 'perl-PDL' 'perl-PHP-Serialization' 'perl-POE' 'perl-POE-Test-Loops' 'perl-POSIX-strftime-Compiler' 'perl-PPI' 'perl-PPIx-Regexp' 'perl-PPIx-Utilities' 'perl-Package-DeprecationManager' 'perl-Package-Generator' 'perl-Package-Stash' 'perl-Package-Stash-XS' 'perl-Package-Variant' 'perl-PadWalker' 'perl-Pango' 'perl-Params-Classify' 'perl-Params-Coerce' 'perl-Params-Util' 'perl-Params-Validate' 'perl-Parse-CPAN-Meta' 'perl-Parse-CPAN-Packages' 'perl-Parse-RecDescent' 'perl-Parse-Win32Registry' 'perl-Parse-Yapp' 'perl-Path-Class' 'perl-Path-FindDev' 'perl-Path-IsDev' 'perl-Path-Tiny' 'perl-Pegex' 'perl-Pegex' 'perl-Perl-Critic' 'perl-Perl-PrereqScanner' 'perl-Perl-Tidy' 'perl-Perl-Version' 'perl-Perl6-Junction' 'perl-PerlIO-eol' 'perl-PerlIO-locale' 'perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict' 'perl-PerlIO-via-Timeout' 'perl-PerlIO-via-dynamic' 'perl-PerlMagick' 'perl-PlRPC' 'perl-Plack' 'perl-Plack-Middleware-LogErrors' 'perl-Plack-Middleware-Session' 'perl-Pod-Coverage' 'perl-Pod-Coverage-Moose' 'perl-Pod-Coverage-TrustPod' 'perl-Pod-Eventual' 'perl-Pod-HtmlPsPdf' 'perl-Pod-MinimumVersion' 'perl-Pod-POM' 'perl-Pod-Spell' 'perl-Pod-Usage' 'perl-PostScript-Simple' 'perl-Prima' 'perl-Probe-Perl' 'perl-Proc-Fork' 'perl-Proc-ProcessTable' 'perl-Proc-Simple' 'perl-Quantum-Superpositions' 'perl-RDF-Trine' 'perl-RPC-XML' 'perl-RPM2' 'perl-Readonly' 'perl-Readonly-XS' 'perl-Redis' 'perl-Regexp-Assemble' 'perl-Regexp-Common' 'perl-Regexp-IPv6' 'perl-Regexp-Shellish' 'perl-Role-HasMessage' 'perl-Role-Identifiable' 'perl-Role-Tiny' 'perl-Rose-Object' 'perl-Router-Simple' 'perl-SDL' 'perl-SGML-Parser-OpenSP' 'perl-SGMLS' 'perl-SNMP' 'perl-SOAP-Lite' 'perl-SQL-Abstract' 'perl-SQL-ReservedWords' 'perl-SQL-SplitStatement' 'perl-SQL-Statement' 'perl-SQL-Tokenizer' 'perl-SQL-Translator' 'perl-SUPER' 'perl-SVG' 'perl-SVN-Simple' 'perl-Safe-Isa' 'perl-Scalar-List-Utils' 'perl-Scalar-String' 'perl-Scope-Guard' 'perl-Scope-Upper' 'perl-Selenium-Remote-Driver' 'perl-Sereal' 'perl-Sereal' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder-debuginfo' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder-debugsource' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder-debuginfo' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder-debugsource' 'perl-Set-Crontab' 'perl-Set-Object' 'perl-Set-Scalar' 'perl-Smart-Comments' 'perl-Snowball-Norwegian' 'perl-Snowball-Swedish' 'perl-Socket-MsgHdr' 'perl-Socket6' 'perl-Software-License' 'perl-Sort-Naturally' 'perl-Sort-Versions' 'perl-Spiffy' 'perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel' 'perl-Spreadsheet-Read' 'perl-Spreadsheet-Read' 'perl-Spreadsheet-ReadSXC' 'perl-Spreadsheet-XLSX' 'perl-Starman' 'perl-Statistics-Descriptive' 'perl-Stream-Buffered' 'perl-String-Approx' 'perl-String-CamelCase' 'perl-String-Errf' 'perl-String-Escape' 'perl-String-Flogger' 'perl-String-Format' 'perl-String-Formatter' 'perl-String-RewritePrefix' 'perl-String-ShellQuote' 'perl-String-ToIdentifier-EN' 'perl-String-Truncate' 'perl-Struct-Dumb' 'perl-Sub-Exporter' 'perl-Sub-Exporter-ForMethods' 'perl-Sub-Exporter-GlobExporter' 'perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive' 'perl-Sub-Identify' 'perl-Sub-Install' 'perl-Sub-Name' 'perl-Sub-Override' 'perl-Sub-Quote' 'perl-Sub-Spec' 'perl-Sub-Uplevel' 'perl-Switch' 'perl-Symbol-Table' 'perl-Symbol-Util' 'perl-Syntax-Keyword-Junction' 'perl-Sys-CPU' 'perl-Sys-Guestfs' 'perl-Sys-Hostname-Long' 'perl-Sys-LoadAvg' 'perl-Sys-SigAction' 'perl-Sys-Virt' 'perl-Sysadm-Install' 'perl-SystemPerl' 'perl-SystemPerl-devel' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Async' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Config' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Dates' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Exceptions' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Scalability' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Testing' 'perl-Task-Kensho-XML' 'perl-Task-Weaken' 'perl-Template-Toolkit' 'perl-Term-Encoding' 'perl-Term-ProgressBar' 'perl-Term-ReadKey' 'perl-Term-ReadPassword' 'perl-Term-UI' 'perl-TermReadLine-Gnu' 'perl-Test-Assert' 'perl-Test-Base' 'perl-Test-CChecker' 'perl-Test-CPAN-Meta' 'perl-Test-CheckChanges' 'perl-Test-CheckDeps' 'perl-Test-Class' 'perl-Test-Class-Most' 'perl-Test-ClassAPI' 'perl-Test-CleanNamespaces' 'perl-Test-Command' 'perl-Test-Compile' 'perl-Test-Deep' 'perl-Test-Differences' 'perl-Test-EOL' 'perl-Test-Exception' 'perl-Test-Exception-LessClever' 'perl-Test-FailWarnings' 'perl-Test-Fatal' 'perl-Test-File-ShareDir' 'perl-Test-Harness' 'perl-Test-HasVersion' 'perl-Test-Identity' 'perl-Test-InDistDir' 'perl-Test-Inter' 'perl-Test-JSON' 'perl-Test-LWP-UserAgent' 'perl-Test-LeakTrace' 'perl-Test-LongString' 'perl-Test-Manifest' 'perl-Test-Memory-Cycle' 'perl-Test-Mock-LWP' 'perl-Test-Mock-Time' 'perl-Test-Mock-Time' 'perl-Test-MockModule' 'perl-Test-MockObject' 'perl-Test-MockTime' 'perl-Test-Most' 'perl-Test-Needs' 'perl-Test-NoTabs' 'perl-Test-NoWarnings' 'perl-Test-Number-Delta' 'perl-Test-Object' 'perl-Test-Output' 'perl-Test-PerlTidy' 'perl-Test-Pod' 'perl-Test-Pod-Coverage' 'perl-Test-Refcount' 'perl-Test-Requires' 'perl-Test-RequiresInternet' 'perl-Test-Script' 'perl-Test-SharedFork' 'perl-Test-Signature' 'perl-Test-Signature' 'perl-Test-Simple' 'perl-Test-Spec' 'perl-Test-Spelling' 'perl-Test-Strict' 'perl-Test-SubCalls' 'perl-Test-Synopsis' 'perl-Test-TCP' 'perl-Test-Taint' 'perl-Test-TempDir-Tiny' 'perl-Test-Tester' 'perl-Test-Time' 'perl-Test-Trap' 'perl-Test-Unit' 'perl-Test-Unit-Lite' 'perl-Test-UseAllModules' 'perl-Test-WWW-Mechanize' 'perl-Test-WWW-Selenium' 'perl-Test-Warn' 'perl-Test-Warnings' 'perl-Test-Without-Module' 'perl-Test-YAML' 'perl-Test-YAML-Valid' 'perl-Test-use-ok' 'perl-Text-ASCIITable' 'perl-Text-Aligner' 'perl-Text-Aspell' 'perl-Text-Autoformat' 'perl-Text-BibTeX' 'perl-Text-Brew' 'perl-Text-CSV' 'perl-Text-CSV_XS' 'perl-Text-Capitalize' 'perl-Text-ChaSen' 'perl-Text-CharWidth' 'perl-Text-DelimMatch' 'perl-Text-Diff' 'perl-Text-German' 'perl-Text-Glob' 'perl-Text-Hunspell' 'perl-Text-Iconv' 'perl-Text-Kakasi' 'perl-Text-Markdown' 'perl-Text-Patch' 'perl-Text-RecordParser' 'perl-Text-Reform' 'perl-Text-Roman' 'perl-Text-Soundex' 'perl-Text-SpellChecker' 'perl-Text-Table' 'perl-Text-TabularDisplay' 'perl-Text-Template' 'perl-Text-Unidecode' 'perl-Text-WrapI18N' 'perl-Text-Wrapper' 'perl-Throwable' 'perl-Tie-Cache' 'perl-Tie-Cycle' 'perl-Tie-Hash-DBD' 'perl-Tie-IxHash' 'perl-Tie-RefHash-Weak' 'perl-Tie-Simple' 'perl-Tie-ToObject' 'perl-Time-Clock' 'perl-Time-Duration' 'perl-Time-Duration-Parse' 'perl-Time-Mock' 'perl-Time-Out' 'perl-Time-Period' 'perl-Time-Tiny' 'perl-Time-modules' 'perl-TimeDate' 'perl-Tk' 'perl-Tk-Clock' 'perl-Tk-FontDialog' 'perl-Tk-FontDialog' 'perl-Tk-devel' 'perl-Tree-DAG_Node' 'perl-Try-Tiny' 'perl-Type-Tiny' 'perl-Types-Serialiser' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-can' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-isa' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-moniker' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-require' 'perl-URI' 'perl-URI-Find' 'perl-URI-Nested' 'perl-URI-db' 'perl-Unicode-Collate' 'perl-Unicode-LineBreak' 'perl-Unicode-Map' 'perl-Unicode-Map8' 'perl-Unicode-Normalize' 'perl-Unicode-String' 'perl-Unix-Syslog' 'perl-Variable-Magic' 'perl-Verilog-Perl' 'perl-WWW-Curl' 'perl-WWW-Mechanize' 'perl-WWW-PAUSE-CleanUpHomeDir' 'perl-WWW-Pastebin-PastebinCom-Create' 'perl-WWW-RobotRules' 'perl-WWW-Shorten' 'perl-Want' 'perl-WeakRef' 'perl-Web-MREST-CLI' 'perl-Web-Machine' 'perl-WebService-MusicBrainz' 'perl-WebService-MusicBrainz' 'perl-Win-Hivex' 'perl-Wx' 'perl-X11-Protocol' 'perl-X500-DN' 'perl-XML-Bare' 'perl-XML-CommonNS' 'perl-XML-DOM' 'perl-XML-DOM-XPath' 'perl-XML-Dumper' 'perl-XML-Entities' 'perl-XML-Filter-BufferText' 'perl-XML-Generator-PerlData' 'perl-XML-Handler-YAWriter' 'perl-XML-LibXML' 'perl-XML-LibXML' 'perl-XML-LibXML-Simple' 'perl-XML-LibXSLT' 'perl-XML-Namespace' 'perl-XML-NamespaceFactory' 'perl-XML-NamespaceSupport' 'perl-XML-NodeFilter' 'perl-XML-Parser' 'perl-XML-Parser-Lite' 'perl-XML-RSS-LibXML' 'perl-XML-RSS-LibXML' 'perl-XML-RegExp' 'perl-XML-SAX' 'perl-XML-SAX-Base' 'perl-XML-SAX-Expat' 'perl-XML-SAX-ExpatXS' 'perl-XML-SAX-Writer' 'perl-XML-SemanticDiff' 'perl-XML-Simple' 'perl-XML-SimpleObject-LibXML' 'perl-XML-Stream' 'perl-XML-Structured' 'perl-XML-Twig' 'perl-XML-Writer' 'perl-XML-Writer-String' 'perl-XML-XPath' 'perl-XML-XPathEngine' 'perl-XML-XSLT' 'perl-XSLoader' 'perl-YAML' 'perl-YAML-LibYAML' 'perl-YAML-Perl' 'perl-YAML-Syck' 'perl-YAML-Tiny' 'perl-aliased' 'perl-apparmor' 'perl-asa' 'perl-autobox' 'perl-autovivification' 'perl-bareword-filehandles' 'perl-base' 'perl-base-32bit' 'perl-biber' 'perl-boolean' 'perl-camgm' 'perl-checkbot' 'perl-clinkgrammar' 'perl-common-sense' 'perl-constant-boolean' 'perl-constant-defer' 'perl-doc' 'perl-experimental' 'perl-gdal' 'perl-getdata' 'perl-gettext' 'perl-homedir' 'perl-indirect' 'perl-ldap' 'perl-libconfigfile' 'perl-libintl-perl' 'perl-libprelude' 'perl-libwww-perl' 'perl-libxml-perl' 'perl-local-lib' 'perl-marisa' 'perl-multidimensional' 'perl-mythtv' 'perl-namespace-autoclean' 'perl-namespace-clean' 'perl-obexftp' 'perl-pcsc' 'perl-qpid' 'perl-qpid-proton' 'perl-qt4' 'perl-qt4-devel' 'perl-razor-agents' 'perl-slurm' 'perl-solv' 'perl-strictures' 'perl-syntax' 'perl-thrift' 'perl-xfconf' 'perl-xmltv' 'perl-xrood-client-admin' 'perl-yui' 'perl-zypp' 'perlref' 'permissions' 'permissions' 'pesign' 'pesign-obs-integration' 'pfscalibration' 'pfstools' 'pfstools-devel' 'pg_comparator' 'pgaccess' 'pgadmin3' 'pgadmin3-lang' 'pgn-extract' 'pgn-extract' 'pgn-extract-debuginfo' 'pgn-extract-debugsource' 'phalanx' 'phantomjs' 'phetsarath-fonts' 'phonon-backend-gstreamer' 'phonon-backend-vlc' 'phonon-backend-vlc' 'phonon-backend-vlc-debuginfo' 'phonon-backend-vlc-debugsource' 'phonon-devel' 'phonon4qt5-backend-gstreamer' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc-debuginfo' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc-debugsource' 'phonon4qt5-devel' 'phonon4qt5-devel-32bit' 'phoronix-test-suite' 'photorec' 'php-MythTV-0_27' 'php-composer' 'php-doc' 'php-libkolab0' 'php-libkolab1' 'php-libkolabxml1' 'php-mapi' 'php-mythtv' 'php-xapian' 'php5' 'php5' 'php5-bcmath' 'php5-bz2' 'php5-calendar' 'php5-ctype' 'php5-curl' 'php5-dba' 'php5-devel' 'php5-dom' 'php5-enchant' 'php5-exif' 'php5-fastcgi' 'php5-fileinfo' 'php5-firebird' 'php5-fpm' 'php5-ftp' 'php5-gd' 'php5-gettext' 'php5-gmp' 'php5-ice' 'php5-iconv' 'php5-imap' 'php5-intl' 'php5-json' 'php5-ldap' 'php5-mbstring' 'php5-mcrypt' 'php5-mssql' 'php5-mysql' 'php5-odbc' 'php5-opcache' 'php5-openssl' 'php5-pcntl' 'php5-pdo' 'php5-pear' 'php5-pear-Auth_SASL' 'php5-pear-Crypt_Blowfish' 'php5-pear-DB' 'php5-pear-DB_DataObject' 'php5-pear-DB_DataObject_FormBuilder' 'php5-pear-Date' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Austria' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Brazil' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Croatia' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Denmark' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_EnglandWales' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Finland' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Germany' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Iceland' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Ireland' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Italy' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Japan' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Netherlands' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Norway' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Portugal' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Romania' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Spain' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Sweden' 'php5-pear-File' 'php5-pear-File_IMC' 'php5-pear-HTML_Common' 'php5-pear-HTML_QuickForm' 'php5-pear-HTTP_Request' 'php5-pear-HTTP_Request2' 'php5-pear-HTTP_WebDAV_Server' 'php5-pear-Log' 'php5-pear-MDB2' 'php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_mysql' 'php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_mysqli' 'php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_pgsql' 'php5-pear-Mail' 'php5-pear-Mail_Mime' 'php5-pear-Mail_mimeDecode' 'php5-pear-Net_DIME' 'php5-pear-Net_IDNA2' 'php5-pear-Net_IMAP' 'php5-pear-Net_LDAP' 'php5-pear-Net_LDAP2' 'php5-pear-Net_SMTP' 'php5-pear-Net_Sieve' 'php5-pear-Net_Socket' 'php5-pear-Net_URL' 'php5-pear-Net_URL2' 'php5-pear-SOAP' 'php5-pear-Services_Weather' 'php5-pear-Text_CAPTCHA' 'php5-pear-Text_Figlet' 'php5-pear-Text_Password' 'php5-pear-Text_Wiki' 'php5-pear-XML_SVG' 'php5-pear-XML_Serializer' 'php5-pear-cache_lite' 'php5-pear-channel-ezno' 'php5-pear-channel-horde' 'php5-pear-channel-phpunit' 'php5-pear-channel-symfony' 'php5-pear-channel-symfony2' 'php5-pear-ezc-Base' 'php5-pear-ezc-ConsoleTools' 'php5-pear-ezc-Graph' 'php5-pear-phpunit-DbUnit' 'php5-pear-phpunit-File_Iterator' 'php5-pear-phpunit-Object_Freezer' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHPUnit_MockObject' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_CodeBrowser' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_CodeCoverage' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_Timer' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_TokenStream' 'php5-pear-phpunit-Text_Template' 'php5-pear-phpunit-bytekit' 'php5-pear-symfony-YAML' 'php5-pear-symfony2-Console' 'php5-pear-symfony2-Finder' 'php5-pear-symfony2-Yaml' 'php5-pgsql' 'php5-phalcon' 'php5-phar' 'php5-posix' 'php5-pspell' 'php5-readline' 'php5-redland' 'php5-shmop' 'php5-smarty3' 'php5-smarty3-doc' 'php5-snmp' 'php5-soap' 'php5-sockets' 'php5-sqlite' 'php5-suhosin' 'php5-sysvmsg' 'php5-sysvsem' 'php5-sysvshm' 'php5-tidy' 'php5-tn3270' 'php5-tokenizer' 'php5-wddx' 'php5-xmlreader' 'php5-xmlrpc' 'php5-xmlwriter' 'php5-xsl' 'php5-zip' 'php5-zlib' 'php7' 'php7' 'php7-bcmath' 'php7-bz2' 'php7-calendar' 'php7-ctype' 'php7-curl' 'php7-dba' 'php7-devel' 'php7-dom' 'php7-enchant' 'php7-exif' 'php7-fastcgi' 'php7-fileinfo' 'php7-firebird' 'php7-fpm' 'php7-ftp' 'php7-gd' 'php7-gettext' 'php7-gmp' 'php7-iconv' 'php7-imap' 'php7-intl' 'php7-json' 'php7-ldap' 'php7-mbstring' 'php7-mcrypt' 'php7-mysql' 'php7-odbc' 'php7-opcache' 'php7-openssl' 'php7-pcntl' 'php7-pdo' 'php7-pear' 'php7-pear-Archive_Tar' 'php7-pgsql' 'php7-phalcon' 'php7-phar' 'php7-posix' 'php7-pspell' 'php7-readline' 'php7-shmop' 'php7-snmp' 'php7-soap' 'php7-sockets' 'php7-sqlite' 'php7-sysvmsg' 'php7-sysvsem' 'php7-sysvshm' 'php7-tidy' 'php7-tokenizer' 'php7-wddx' 'php7-xmlreader' 'php7-xmlrpc' 'php7-xmlwriter' 'php7-xsl' 'php7-zip' 'php7-zlib' 'phpMyAdmin' 'phpMyAdmin' 'phpPgAdmin' 'pia' 'pianobar' 'pianobar' 'pianobar-debuginfo' 'picard' 'picard-lang' 'picmi' 'picmi-lang' 'pico' 'picocom' 'picojson-devel' 'pidentd' 'pidgin' 'pidgin-devel' 'pidgin-plugin-advanced-sound-notification' 'pidgin-plugin-advanced-sound-notification-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-birthday-reminder' 'pidgin-plugin-birthday-reminder-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-embeddedvideo' 'pidgin-plugin-guifications' 'pidgin-plugin-guifications-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-indicator' 'pidgin-plugin-indicator-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-libnotify' 'pidgin-plugin-libnotify-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-libsteam' 'pidgin-plugin-mrim' 'pidgin-plugin-openfetion' 'pidgin-plugin-otr' 'pidgin-plugin-otr-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-pack' 'pidgin-plugin-pack-extras' 'pidgin-plugin-privacy-please' 'pidgin-plugin-privacy-please-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-prpltwtr' 'pidgin-plugin-sipe' 'pidgin-plugin-skype' 'pidgin-plugin-skypeweb' 'pidgin-plugin-telegram' 'pidgin-plugin-xmpp-receipts' 'piglit' 'pigz' 'pilot' 'pilot-link' 'pim-data-exporter' 'pim-data-exporter-lang' 'pim-sieve-editor' 'pim-sieve-editor-lang' 'pimcommon' 'pimcommon-devel' 'pimcommon-lang' 'pin' 'pinentry' 'pinentry-gtk2' 'pinentry-qt4' 'pinfo' 'pingtunnel' 'pingus' 'pink-pony' 'pink-pony-data' 'pinpoint' 'pinta' 'pinta-lang' 'pipenightdreams' 'pithos' 'pitivi' 'pitivi-lang' 'pix' 'pix-devel' 'pix-lang' 'pixmap' 'pixz' 'pk-update-icon' 'pk-update-icon-lang' 'pkTriggerCord' 'pkcs11-helper' 'pkcs11-helper-devel' 'pkg-config' 'pkipplib' 'plank' 'plank-devel' 'plank-lang' 'planner' 'planner-devel' 'planner-lang' 'plasma-framework' 'plasma-framework-32bit' 'plasma-framework-components' 'plasma-framework-components-32bit' 'plasma-framework-devel' 'plasma-framework-devel-32bit' 'plasma-framework-lang' 'plasma-framework-private' 'plasma-framework-private-32bit' 'plasma-nm5' 'plasma-nm5-l2tp' 'plasma-nm5-lang' 'plasma-nm5-openconnect' 'plasma-nm5-openswan' 'plasma-nm5-openvpn' 'plasma-nm5-pptp' 'plasma-nm5-ssh' 'plasma-nm5-sstp' 'plasma-nm5-strongswan' 'plasma-nm5-vpnc' 'plasma-theme-oxygen' 'plasma5-addons' 'plasma5-addons-lang' 'plasma5-defaults-openSUSE' 'plasma5-desktop' 'plasma5-desktop-lang' 'plasma5-integration' 'plasma5-integration-plugin' 'plasma5-integration-plugin-lang' 'plasma5-openSUSE' 'plasma5-pa' 'plasma5-pa-lang' 'plasma5-pk-updates' 'plasma5-pk-updates' 'plasma5-pk-updates-lang' 'plasma5-sdk' 'plasma5-sdk-lang' 'plasma5-session' 'plasma5-theme-openSUSE' 'plasma5-workspace' 'plasma5-workspace' 'plasma5-workspace-branding-openSUSE' 'plasma5-workspace-devel' 'plasma5-workspace-lang' 'plasma5-workspace-libs' 'plasma5-workspace-wallpapers' 'plasmaengineexplorer5' 'plasmoid-active-window-control' 'plasmoid-webcamoid' 'plasmoid-webcamoid' 'plasmoid-webcamoid-debuginfo' 'plasmoid-webcamoid-devel' 'platformsh-cli' 'plee-the-bear' 'plee-the-bear-data' 'plib-devel' 'plistutil' 'plotutils' 'plotutils-devel' 'plowshare' 'plplot' 'plplot-ada' 'plplot-ada-devel' 'plplot-devel' 'plplot-doc' 'plplot-fortran' 'plplot-fortran-devel' 'plplot-java' 'plplot-lua' 'plplot-python-qt' 'plplot-qt' 'plplot-qt-devel' 'plplot-tcltk' 'plplot-tcltk-devel' 'plplot-wxwidgets' 'plplot-wxwidgets-devel' 'pluma' 'pluma-devel' 'pluma-lang' 'plymouth' 'plymouth-branding-openSUSE' 'plymouth-devel' 'plymouth-dracut' 'plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber' 'plymouth-plugin-label' 'plymouth-plugin-label-ft' 'plymouth-plugin-script' 'plymouth-plugin-space-flares' 'plymouth-plugin-throbgress' 'plymouth-plugin-tribar' 'plymouth-plugin-two-step' 'plymouth-scripts' 'plymouth-theme-breeze' 'plymouth-theme-breeze-plugin-breeze' 'plymouth-theme-fade-in' 'plymouth-theme-script' 'plymouth-theme-solar' 'plymouth-theme-spinfinity' 'plymouth-theme-spinner' 'plymouth-theme-tribar' 'plymouth-x11-renderer' 'plzip' 'pmidi' 'pmount' 'pmount' 'pmount-debuginfo' 'pmount-debugsource' 'pmount-lang' 'pms' 'pms' 'pms-debuginfo' 'pms-debugsource' 'png++' 'png++-devel' 'pngcheck' 'pngcrush' 'pngcrush' 'pnglite-devel' 'pngtoico' 'pnm2ppa' 'po4a' 'po4a-lang' 'pocl' 'pocl-devel' 'podofo' 'poedit' 'poedit-lang' 'pogo' 'pogo' 'pointfree' 'pointful' 'polari' 'polari-lang' 'policycoreutils' 'policycoreutils-lang' 'policycoreutils-newrole' 'policycoreutils-python' 'policycoreutils-sandbox' 'polkit' 'polkit-default-privs' 'polkit-devel' 'polkit-doc' 'polkit-gnome' 'polkit-gnome-lang' 'polkit-kde-agent-1' 'polkit-kde-agent-5' 'polkit-kde-agent-5-lang' 'pology' 'pology-lang' 'polyglot' 'polyglot' 'polyglot-debuginfo' 'polyglot-debugsource' 'pommed' 'pongix' 'ponysay' 'poppler' 'poppler-data' 'poppler-qt' 'poppler-qt5' 'poppler-tools' 'popt-devel' 'portaudio-devel' 'portmidi' 'portmidi-devel' 'portmidi-java' 'posix_cc' 'posixovl' 'post-build-checks' 'poster' 'postfish' 'postfix' 'postfix-devel' 'postfix-doc' 'postfix-lmdb' 'postfix-mysql' 'postfix-postgresql' 'postfixadmin' 'postgresql' 'postgresql-contrib' 'postgresql-devel' 'postgresql-docs' 'postgresql-init' 'postgresql-jdbc' 'postgresql-jdbc-javadoc' 'postgresql-plperl' 'postgresql-plpython' 'postgresql-pltcl' 'postgresql-server' 'postgresql93' 'postgresql93' 'postgresql93-contrib' 'postgresql93-devel' 'postgresql93-docs' 'postgresql93-libs' 'postgresql93-plperl' 'postgresql93-plpython' 'postgresql93-plr' 'postgresql93-plr-doc' 'postgresql93-pltcl' 'postgresql93-server' 'postgresql93-test' 'postgresql94' 'postgresql94' 'postgresql94-contrib' 'postgresql94-devel' 'postgresql94-docs' 'postgresql94-libs' 'postgresql94-plperl' 'postgresql94-plpython' 'postgresql94-plr' 'postgresql94-plr-doc' 'postgresql94-pltcl' 'postgresql94-server' 'postgresql94-test' 'postgresql95' 'postgresql95' 'postgresql95-contrib' 'postgresql95-devel' 'postgresql95-docs' 'postgresql95-libs' 'postgresql95-plperl' 'postgresql95-plpython' 'postgresql95-pltcl' 'postgresql95-server' 'postgresql95-test' 'postgresql96' 'postgresql96' 'postgresql96-contrib' 'postgresql96-devel' 'postgresql96-docs' 'postgresql96-libs' 'postgresql96-plperl' 'postgresql96-plpython' 'postgresql96-pltcl' 'postgresql96-server' 'postgresql96-test' 'postgrey' 'postsrsd' 'pothana2000-fonts' 'potrace' 'potrace' 'potrace-devel' 'pound' 'pound' 'pound-doc' 'povray' 'powerd' 'powerdevil5' 'powerdevil5-lang' 'powerline' 'powerline-docs' 'powerline-fonts' 'powerman' 'powerman-devel' 'powermanga' 'powermanga' 'powermanga-debuginfo' 'powermanga-debugsource' 'powertop' 'powertop-lang' 'poxml-lang' 'ppp' 'ppp-devel' 'ppp-userpass' 'pps-tools' 'pps-tools-devel' 'ppsspp' 'ppsspp' 'ppsspp-debuginfo' 'pptp' 'pptpd' 'pragha' 'pragha-lang' 'pragha-plugins' 'pragha-plugins-devel' 'prboom-plus' 'prctl' 'prelude-correlator' 'prelude-lml' 'prelude-lml-devel' 'prelude-lml-rules' 'prelude-manager' 'prelude-manager-db-plugin' 'prelude-manager-devel' 'prelude-manager-smtp-plugin' 'prelude-manager-xml-plugin' 'prelude-tools' 'preludedb-tools' 'premake4' 'presage' 'presage-data' 'presentproto-devel' 'prewikka' 'primus' 'primus' 'primus-32bit' 'print_server' 'printer-driver-brlaser' 'printproto-devel' 'prison-qt5-devel' 'prison-qt5-devel-32bit' 'privoxy' 'privoxy-doc' 'procinfo' 'procmail' 'procmeter' 'procmeter-devel' 'procps' 'procps' 'procps-devel' 'profanity' 'profanity-mini' 'profanity-standard' 'proftpd' 'proftpd-devel' 'proftpd-doc' 'proftpd-lang' 'proftpd-ldap' 'proftpd-mysql' 'proftpd-pgsql' 'proftpd-radius' 'proftpd-sqlite' 'proj' 'projectM' 'projectM-data' 'projectM-devel' 'projectM-jack' 'projectM-jack' 'projectM-jack-debuginfo' 'projectM-jack-debugsource' 'projectM-libvisual-alsa' 'projectM-libvisual-alsa' 'projectM-libvisual-alsa-debuginfo' 'prosody' 'proteus' 'proteus' 'protobuf-c' 'protobuf-devel' 'protobuf-java' 'protoc-gen-go' 'providers' 'proxychains' 'proxychains' 'proxychains-debuginfo' 'proxychains-debugsource' 'proxychains-ng' 'proxymngr' 'prozgui' 'psgml' 'psgplay' 'psi+' 'psi+-icons' 'psi+-iconsets' 'psi+-iconsets' 'psi+-lang' 'psi+-plugins-attentionplugin' 'psi+-plugins-autoreplyplugin' 'psi+-plugins-birthdayreminderplugin' 'psi+-plugins-captchaformsplugin' 'psi+-plugins-chessplugin' 'psi+-plugins-cleanerplugin' 'psi+-plugins-clientswitcherplugin' 'psi+-plugins-conferenceloggerplugin' 'psi+-plugins-contentdownloaderplugin' 'psi+-plugins-devel' 'psi+-plugins-enummessagesplugin' 'psi+-plugins-extendedmenuplugin' 'psi+-plugins-extendedoptionsplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gmailserviceplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gnome3supportplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gnupgplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gomokugameplugin' 'psi+-plugins-historykeeperplugin' 'psi+-plugins-icqdieplugin' 'psi+-plugins-imageplugin' 'psi+-plugins-jabberdiskplugin' 'psi+-plugins-juickplugin' 'psi+-plugins-messagefilterplugin' 'psi+-plugins-otrplugin' 'psi+-plugins-pepchangenotifyplugin' 'psi+-plugins-psimediaplugin' 'psi+-plugins-qipxstatusesplugin' 'psi+-plugins-screenshotplugin' 'psi+-plugins-skinsplugin' 'psi+-plugins-stopspamplugin' 'psi+-plugins-storagenotesplugin' 'psi+-plugins-translateplugin' 'psi+-plugins-videostatusplugin' 'psi+-plugins-watcherplugin' 'psi+-sounds' 'psi+-themes' 'psiconv' 'psiconv-devel' 'psl' 'psl-make-dafsa' 'psmisc' 'psmisc' 'psmisc-lang' 'pspp' 'pspp' 'pspp-devel' 'psqlODBC' 'pssh' 'pstoedit' 'pstoedit-devel' 'psutils' 'pthread-stubs-devel' 'ptokax' 'ptools' 'ptpd' 'ptpd' 'publicsuffix' 'puddletag' 'puddletag' 'pugixml-devel' 'pullin-bcm43xx-firmware' 'pullin-bcm43xx-firmware' 'pullin-fluendo-mp3' 'pulseaudio' 'pulseaudio' 'pulseaudio-bash-completion' 'pulseaudio-dlna' 'pulseaudio-dlna' 'pulseaudio-equalizer' 'pulseaudio-esound-compat' 'pulseaudio-gdm-hooks' 'pulseaudio-lang' 'pulseaudio-module-bluetooth' 'pulseaudio-module-gconf' 'pulseaudio-module-jack' 'pulseaudio-module-lirc' 'pulseaudio-module-x11' 'pulseaudio-module-zeroconf' 'pulseaudio-system-wide' 'pulseaudio-utils' 'pulseaudio-utils-32bit' 'pulseaudio-zsh-completion' 'pulseview' 'pumpa' 'pure-ftpd' 'purpose' 'purpose-32bit' 'purpose-devel' 'purpose-devel-32bit' 'purpose-lang' 'putty' 'pv' 'pvm' 'pvm-devel' 'pw3270' 'pw3270-devel' 'pw3270-java' 'pw3270-javadoc' 'pw3270-plugin-dbus' 'pw3270-plugin-java' 'pw3270-plugin-rexx' 'pwgen' 'pwlib' 'pwlib-devel' 'pwlib-plugins-v4l2' 'py-fishcrypt' 'pyalsa' 'pyalsaaudio' 'pyalsaaudio' 'pyalsaaudio-debuginfo' 'pyalsaaudio-debugsource' 'pybliographer' 'pybugz' 'pycarddav' 'pychecker' 'pydb' 'pydb' 'pydf' 'pymol' 'pymp3cut' 'pymp3cut' 'pyprompter' 'pyrex' 'pyspacewar' 'pythia-devel' 'pythia-doc' 'python' 'python-32bit' 'python-4Suite-XML' 'python-APScheduler' 'python-Attest' 'python-Axiom' 'python-BTrees' 'python-BTrees-devel' 'python-BTrees-doc' 'python-Babel' 'python-Babel-doc' 'python-Beaker' 'python-Brownie' 'python-CDDB' 'python-CXX' 'python-CXX-devel' 'python-Chameleon' 'python-Cheetah' 'python-CherryPy' 'python-CherryPy' 'python-ClientForm' 'python-Coffin' 'python-Coherence' 'python-CouchDB' 'python-CouchDB-doc' 'python-Cycler' 'python-Cython' 'python-Distutils2' 'python-Django' 'python-Durus' 'python-EasyProcess' 'python-Epsilon' 'python-Fabric' 'python-Flask' 'python-Flask-WTF' 'python-Flask-WTF-doc' 'python-Flask-doc' 'python-FormEncode' 'python-FormEncode-doc' 'python-Frozen-Flask' 'python-Genshi' 'python-Genshi-doc' 'python-GeoIP' 'python-GitPython' 'python-GooCalendar' 'python-Jinja2' 'python-Jinja2-emacs' 'python-Jinja2-vim' 'python-JsonWeb' 'python-Kajiki' 'python-Kivy' 'python-Kivy-devel' 'python-Kivy-doc' 'python-LHAPDF' 'python-Levenshtein' 'python-Louie' 'python-M2Crypto' 'python-Mako' 'python-Markdown' 'python-MarkupSafe' 'python-Markups' 'python-Ming' 'python-MiniMock' 'python-MySQL-python' 'python-MythTV-0_27' 'python-OleFileIO_PL' 'python-OpenColorIO' 'python-OpenColorIO-devel' 'python-OpenEXR' 'python-OpenEXR-doc' 'python-OpenImageIO' 'python-Parsley' 'python-Parsley-doc' 'python-Paste' 'python-PasteDeploy' 'python-PasteScript' 'python-Pillow' 'python-Pillow-tk' 'python-Pint' 'python-PrettyTable' 'python-PyAudio' 'python-PyAudio-docs' 'python-PyGithub' 'python-PyICU' 'python-PyJWT' 'python-PyJWT' 'python-PyMySQL' 'python-PyPDF2' 'python-PySocks' 'python-PyVirtualDisplay' 'python-PyWebDAV' 'python-PyYAML' 'python-PyYAML' 'python-Pygments' 'python-Pylons' 'python-Rivet' 'python-Routes' 'python-SHERPA-MC' 'python-SPARQLWrapper' 'python-SQLAlchemy' 'python-SQLAlchemy-Utils' 'python-SQLAlchemy-doc' 'python-SecretStorage' 'python-Shapely' 'python-Shed_Skin' 'python-Shed_Skin-doc' 'python-Sphinx' 'python-Sphinx-doc' 'python-Sphinx-latex' 'python-Tempita' 'python-Trolly' 'python-Twisted' 'python-Twisted-doc' 'python-UcsSdk' 'python-Unidecode' 'python-WSGIProxy' 'python-WSGIProxy2' 'python-WSME' 'python-WTForms' 'python-WTForms-doc' 'python-WTForms-lang' 'python-WebError' 'python-WebHelpers' 'python-WebOb' 'python-WebOb-doc' 'python-WebTest' 'python-WebTest-doc' 'python-Werkzeug' 'python-Werkzeug-doc' 'python-Whoosh' 'python-XlsxWriter' 'python-YODA' 'python-ZConfig' 'python-ZConfig-doc' 'python-ZEO' 'python-ZEO-doc' 'python-ZODB' 'python-ZODB-doc' 'python-ZODB3' 'python-acme' 'python-acme-doc' 'python-adal' 'python-aedir' 'python-aioeventlet' 'python-alabaster' 'python-alembic' 'python-amqp' 'python-amqplib' 'python-antlr' 'python-antlr3_runtime' 'python-anyjson' 'python-ao' 'python-aodhclient' 'python-aodhclient-doc' 'python-apache-libcloud' 'python-apache-libcloud' 'python-apfel' 'python-apipkg' 'python-appdirs' 'python-appindicator' 'python-apsw' 'python-apsw-doc' 'python-argcomplete' 'python-argh' 'python-argparse' 'python-astroid' 'python-async' 'python-atspi' 'python-attrs' 'python-augeas' 'python-autodoc' 'python-automaton' 'python-automaton-doc' 'python-autopep8' 'python-avahi' 'python-avahi-gtk' 'python-avogadro' 'python-babelfish' 'python-backports' 'python-backports.functools_lru_cache' 'python-backports.ssl_match_hostname' 'python-backports_abc' 'python-barbicanclient' 'python-barbicanclient-doc' 'python-base' 'python-base-32bit' 'python-bcc' 'python-bcdoc' 'python-bcrypt' 'python-beautifulsoup' 'python-beautifulsoup4' 'python-beautifulsoup4-doc' 'python-bencode' 'python-betamax' 'python-bibtex' 'python-billiard' 'python-binplist' 'python-biplist' 'python-bjoern' 'python-blessings' 'python-blinker' 'python-blinker' 'python-blist' 'python-blosc' 'python-bonobo' 'python-boto' 'python-boto' 'python-boto-doc' 'python-boto3' 'python-boto3' 'python-botocore' 'python-botocore' 'python-bottle' 'python-braille' 'python-bsddb3' 'python-bsddb3-devel' 'python-bugzilla' 'python-bugzillatools' 'python-bumpversion' 'python-cached-property' 'python-cachetools' 'python-cairo' 'python-cairo-devel' 'python-cairocffi' 'python-cairocffi-pixbuf' 'python-caja' 'python-caja-devel' 'python-caja-lang' 'python-caldav' 'python-camgm' 'python-capng' 'python-carrot' 'python-castellan' 'python-castellan-doc' 'python-cdecimal' 'python-ceilometerclient' 'python-ceilometerclient-doc' 'python-celery' 'python-celerymon' 'python-ceph-compat' 'python-cephfs' 'python-cerealizer' 'python-certbot' 'python-certbot-apache' 'python-certbot-dns-cloudflare' 'python-certbot-dns-cloudxns' 'python-certbot-dns-digitalocean' 'python-certbot-dns-dnsimple' 'python-certbot-dns-google' 'python-certbot-dns-nsone' 'python-certbot-dns-route53' 'python-certbot-nginx' 'python-certifi' 'python-cffi' 'python-characteristic' 'python-chardet' 'python-chewing' 'python-cinderclient' 'python-cinderclient-doc' 'python-ciscoconfparse' 'python-cl' 'python-clang' 'python-click' 'python-cliff' 'python-cliff-doc' 'python-cliff-tablib' 'python-cloudfiles' 'python-cly' 'python-cmd2' 'python-cmdln' 'python-colorama' 'python-colorlog' 'python-concurrentloghandler' 'python-configargparse' 'python-configobj' 'python-configparser' 'python-configshell' 'python-configshell-doc' 'python-configshell-fb' 'python-configshell-fb-doc' 'python-congressclient' 'python-congressclient-doc' 'python-construct' 'python-contextlib2' 'python-couchdbkit' 'python-cov-core' 'python-coverage' 'python-cracklib' 'python-crcmod' 'python-croniter' 'python-cryptography' 'python-cryptopp' 'python-cssselect' 'python-cssutils' 'python-ctypesgen' 'python-cups' 'python-curses' 'python-cursive' 'python-curtsies' 'python-cwiid' 'python-d2to1' 'python-dateutil' 'python-ddt' 'python-debtcollector' 'python-decorator' 'python-dee' 'python-defusedxml' 'python-deltarpm' 'python-demjson' 'python-demo' 'python-deprecation' 'python-designateclient' 'python-designateclient-doc' 'python-detox' 'python-devel' 'python-dfVFS' 'python-dfdatetime' 'python-dfwinreg' 'python-dialog' 'python-dib-utils' 'python-diff_match_patch' 'python-dingus' 'python-discid' 'python-discover' 'python-distorm3' 'python-distutils-extra' 'python-django-appconf' 'python-django-athumb' 'python-django-auth-ldap' 'python-django-authopenid' 'python-django-avatar' 'python-django-celery' 'python-django-dajax' 'python-django-dajaxice' 'python-django-dbtemplates' 'python-django-debug-toolbar' 'python-django-grappelli' 'python-django-guardian' 'python-django-international' 'python-django-mailer' 'python-django-mediasync' 'python-django-navigation' 'python-django-nose' 'python-django-nose-selenium' 'python-django-picklefield' 'python-django-piston' 'python-django-registration' 'python-django-reversion' 'python-django-static' 'python-django-tastypie' 'python-django_compressor' 'python-django_openstack_auth' 'python-djvulibre' 'python-djvulibre-doc' 'python-dnspython' 'python-doc' 'python-doc-pdf' 'python-docker-py' 'python-docker-py-test' 'python-docker-pycreds' 'python-dockerpty' 'python-docopt' 'python-docutils' 'python-dogpile.cache' 'python-dojango' 'python-dpkt' 'python-dtopt' 'python-dulwich' 'python-dulwich' 'python-ec2deprecateimg' 'python-ec2metadata' 'python-ec2publishimg' 'python-ec2uploadimg' 'python-ec2utilsbase' 'python-ecasound' 'python-ecdsa' 'python-ed25519ll' 'python-editdistance' 'python-efilter' 'python-egenix-mx-base' 'python-egenix-mx-base-devel' 'python-egg' 'python-elasticsearch' 'python-entrypoint2' 'python-enum34' 'python-enzyme' 'python-espeak' 'python-ethtool' 'python-etude' 'python-evemu' 'python-eventlet' 'python-eventlet-doc' 'python-evtx' 'python-execnet' 'python-execnet-doc' 'python-extras' 'python-eyeD3' 'python-factory_boy' 'python-fake-factory' 'python-falcon' 'python-farstream-0_1' 'python-farstream-0_1-debuginfo' 'python-fasteners' 'python-fasteners' 'python-fastimport' 'python-faulthandler' 'python-fcgi' 'python-feedparser' 'python-feedzilla' 'python-fityk' 'python-fixtures' 'python-flake8' 'python-flickrapi' 'python-flup' 'python-fpconst' 'python-fpconst' 'python-fs' 'python-fudge' 'python-funcparserlib' 'python-funcsigs' 'python-functional' 'python-functools32' 'python-fuse' 'python-future' 'python-futures' 'python-futurist' 'python-gamin' 'python-gconf' 'python-gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin' 'python-gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin' 'python-gdal' 'python-gdata' 'python-gdbm' 'python-geopy' 'python-geos' 'python-getdata' 'python-gevent' 'python-gexiv2' 'python-gitdb' 'python-glanceclient' 'python-glanceclient-doc' 'python-glucat' 'python-gnocchiclient' 'python-gnocchiclient-doc' 'python-gnome' 'python-gnome-32bit' 'python-gnome-devel' 'python-gnome-dvb-daemon' 'python-gnome-extras' 'python-gnome-extras-devel' 'python-gnomecanvas' 'python-gnomedesktop' 'python-gnomekeyring' 'python-gnomeprint' 'python-gnomevfs' 'python-gnucash' 'python-gnupg' 'python-gobject' 'python-gobject-Gdk' 'python-gobject-cairo' 'python-gobject-devel' 'python-gobject2' 'python-gobject2-devel' 'python-goocanvas' 'python-goocanvas-devel' 'python-google-api-python-client' 'python-google-apitools' 'python-google-apitools' 'python-google-apputils' 'python-gpgme' 'python-gpod' 'python-gpsd' 'python-greenlet' 'python-greenlet-devel' 'python-grequests' 'python-gst' 'python-gstreamer-0_10' 'python-gstreamer-0_10' 'python-gstreamer-0_10-debuginfo' 'python-gstreamer-0_10-debugsource' 'python-gstreamer-0_10-devel' 'python-gtk' 'python-gtk-devel' 'python-gtk-doc' 'python-gtk-vnc' 'python-gtksourceview' 'python-gtksourceview-devel' 'python-gtkspell' 'python-gtop' 'python-gudev' 'python-guessit' 'python-gunicorn' 'python-gunicorn-doc' 'python-gupnp-igd' 'python-h5py' 'python-hachoir-core' 'python-hachoir-metadata' 'python-hachoir-parser' 'python-halite' 'python-happybase' 'python-heatclient' 'python-heatclient-doc' 'python-hgtools' 'python-hivex' 'python-hl7apy' 'python-holoviews' 'python-hp3parclient' 'python-html2text' 'python-html5lib' 'python-http-parser' 'python-httplib2' 'python-httplib2' 'python-httpretty' 'python-httpretty' 'python-humanfriendly' 'python-hypothesis' 'python-ibus' 'python-icalendar' 'python-idle' 'python-idna' 'python-imagesize' 'python-imagestore' 'python-imobiledevice' 'python-iniparse' 'python-interlude' 'python-invoke' 'python-ioflo' 'python-ipa_hbac' 'python-ipaddr' 'python-ipaddress' 'python-iptables' 'python-ipy' 'python-ipython_genutils' 'python-irclib' 'python-ironic-inspector-client' 'python-ironicclient' 'python-ironicclient-doc' 'python-iso8601' 'python-isodate' 'python-isort' 'python-itsdangerous' 'python-jdcal' 'python-jedi' 'python-jenkins-job-builder' 'python-jenkinsapi' 'python-jmespath' 'python-jmespath' 'python-jrnl' 'python-jsonpatch' 'python-jsonpath-rw' 'python-jsonpointer' 'python-jsonrpclib' 'python-jsonschema' 'python-junitxml' 'python-jupyter_core' 'python-jupyter_core-doc-html' 'python-jupyter_nbformat' 'python-jupyter_nbformat-doc' 'python-jwcrypto' 'python-k8sclient' 'python-k8sclient-doc' 'python-kaa-base' 'python-kaa-metadata' 'python-kafka-python' 'python-katedj' 'python-kazoo' 'python-kde4' 'python-kde4-devel' 'python-kde4-doc' 'python-kde4-khtml' 'python-kde4-knewstuff' 'python-kde4-phonon' 'python-kde4-plasma' 'python-kdebase4' 'python-kerberos' 'python-keybinder' 'python-keyczar' 'python-keyring' 'python-keystoneauth1' 'python-keystoneauth1-doc' 'python-keystoneclient' 'python-keystoneclient-doc' 'python-keystonemiddleware' 'python-keystonemiddleware-doc' 'python-kid' 'python-killswitch' 'python-kiwi' 'python-kmod' 'python-kombu' 'python-kopano' 'python-krbV' 'python-ktoblzcheck' 'python-lash' 'python-launchpadlib' 'python-lazr.uri' 'python-lazy-object-proxy' 'python-lazy_object_proxy' 'python-lcms' 'python-ldap' 'python-ldap3' 'python-ldb' 'python-ldb-32bit' 'python-ldb-devel' 'python-ldns' 'python-lesscpy' 'python-leveldb' 'python-libaccounts' 'python-libbde' 'python-libcec' 'python-libcec-debuginfo' 'python-libesedb' 'python-libevt' 'python-libevtx' 'python-libewf' 'python-libexe' 'python-libfsntfs' 'python-libfvde' 'python-libfwnt' 'python-libfwsi' 'python-libgsignon' 'python-libguestfs' 'python-libkolab0' 'python-libkolab1' 'python-libkolabxml1' 'python-liblarch' 'python-liblarch_gtk' 'python-liblnk' 'python-libmount' 'python-libmount' 'python-libmsiecf' 'python-libnacl' 'python-libolecf' 'python-libpamtest' 'python-libpff' 'python-libpfm' 'python-libprelude' 'python-libpreludedb' 'python-libproxy' 'python-libqcow' 'python-libregf' 'python-libscca' 'python-libsigscan' 'python-libsmdev' 'python-libsmraw' 'python-libstoragemgmt' 'python-libstoragemgmt-clibs' 'python-libteam' 'python-libvhdi' 'python-libvmdk' 'python-libvshadow' 'python-libvslvm' 'python-libxml2' 'python-libxml2' 'python-lilv' 'python-linecache2' 'python-lmiwbem' 'python-lockfile' 'python-logilab-common' 'python-logutils' 'python-louis' 'python-louis' 'python-lxc-python2' 'python-lxml' 'python-lxml-devel' 'python-lxml-doc' 'python-magic' 'python-magic' 'python-magnumclient' 'python-magnumclient-doc' 'python-managesieve' 'python-manilaclient' 'python-manilaclient-doc' 'python-manilaclient-test' 'python-manuel' 'python-manuel-doc' 'python-mapi' 'python-marisa' 'python-mate-menus' 'python-mathgl' 'python-matplotlib' 'python-matplotlib-cairo' 'python-matplotlib-designer' 'python-matplotlib-gtk2' 'python-matplotlib-gtk3' 'python-matplotlib-latex' 'python-matplotlib-qt-shared' 'python-matplotlib-qt4' 'python-matplotlib-qt5' 'python-matplotlib-tk' 'python-matplotlib-web' 'python-matplotlib-wx' 'python-maxminddb' 'python-mccabe' 'python-mechanize' 'python-mechanoid' 'python-metaextract' 'python-miniupnpc' 'python-mistralclient' 'python-mistralclient-doc' 'python-mistune' 'python-mistune' 'python-mlt' 'python-mlt-debuginfo' 'python-mock' 'python-mockito' 'python-mockldap' 'python-monascaclient' 'python-mongodict' 'python-monkeysign' 'python-monotonic' 'python-monotonic' 'python-morbid' 'python-mox' 'python-mox3' 'python-mpd' 'python-mpd' 'python-mpi4py' 'python-mpi4py-common-devel' 'python-mpi4py-devel' 'python-mpi4py-doc' 'python-mpservlets' 'python-mpservlets-doc' 'python-mpservlets-tutorial' 'python-mraa' 'python-msgpack-python' 'python-msrest' 'python-msrestazure' 'python-multi_key_dict' 'python-muranoclient' 'python-muranoclient-doc' 'python-musicbrainz2' 'python-musicbrainz2' 'python-mutagen' 'python-mygpoclient' 'python-mygpoclient' 'python-mysql-connector-python' 'python-mythtv' 'python-nautilus' 'python-nautilus-devel' 'python-nbxmpp' 'python-nbxmpp-doc' 'python-ncclient' 'python-ncclient-doc' 'python-ndg-httpsclient' 'python-nemo' 'python-neovim' 'python-netaddr' 'python-netifaces' 'python-networkx' 'python-neutronclient' 'python-neutronclient-doc' 'python-newt' 'python-nghttp2' 'python-nlopt' 'python-nose' 'python-nose-cover3' 'python-nose-doc' 'python-nose-exclude' 'python-nosehtmloutput' 'python-nosexcover' 'python-notify' 'python-notify-devel' 'python-notify2' 'python-notify2' 'python-notmuch' 'python-notmuch-doc' 'python-novaclient' 'python-novaclient-doc' 'python-novaclient-test' 'python-nss' 'python-numexpr' 'python-numpy' 'python-numpy-devel' 'python-numpy-doc-html' 'python-numpydoc' 'python-oauth' 'python-oauth2' 'python-oauth2-test' 'python-oauth2client' 'python-oauth2client' 'python-oauth2client-django' 'python-oauth2client-flask' 'python-oauth2client-gce' 'python-oauth2client-test' 'python-oauthlib' 'python-obexftp' 'python-odfpy' 'python-odict' 'python-odorik' 'python-openbabel' 'python-opencv' 'python-opencv-qt5' 'python-opengl' 'python-opengl-accelerate' 'python-openpyxl' 'python-openpyxl' 'python-openqa_review' 'python-openqa_review' 'python-openstack-doc-tools' 'python-openstack.nose_plugin' 'python-openstackclient' 'python-openstackclient-doc' 'python-openstackdocstheme' 'python-openstacksdk' 'python-openstacksdk-doc' 'python-openvswitch' 'python-openvswitch-test' 'python-optcomplete' 'python-orbit' 'python-orbit-devel' 'python-os-api-ref' 'python-os-client-config' 'python-os-cloud-config' 'python-os-testr' 'python-os-testr-doc' 'python-os-win' 'python-os-win-doc' 'python-osc-lib' 'python-osc-lib-doc' 'python-oslo.cache' 'python-oslo.cache-doc' 'python-oslo.concurrency' 'python-oslo.concurrency-doc' 'python-oslo.config' 'python-oslo.config-doc' 'python-oslo.context' 'python-oslo.context-doc' 'python-oslo.db' 'python-oslo.db-doc' 'python-oslo.i18n' 'python-oslo.i18n-doc' 'python-oslo.log' 'python-oslo.log-doc' 'python-oslo.messaging' 'python-oslo.messaging-doc' 'python-oslo.middleware' 'python-oslo.middleware-doc' 'python-oslo.policy' 'python-oslo.policy-doc' 'python-oslo.privsep' 'python-oslo.privsep-doc' 'python-oslo.reports' 'python-oslo.reports-doc' 'python-oslo.rootwrap' 'python-oslo.rootwrap-doc' 'python-oslo.serialization' 'python-oslo.serialization-doc' 'python-oslo.service' 'python-oslo.service-doc' 'python-oslo.utils' 'python-oslo.utils-doc' 'python-oslo.versionedobjects' 'python-oslo.versionedobjects-doc' 'python-oslo.vmware' 'python-oslo.vmware-doc' 'python-oslosphinx' 'python-oslotest' 'python-osprofiler' 'python-osprofiler-doc' 'python-packaging' 'python-pam' 'python-parallax' 'python-param' 'python-paramiko' 'python-parsedatetime' 'python-pass_python_keyring' 'python-passlib' 'python-path.py' 'python-pathtools' 'python-patsy' 'python-pbr' 'python-pbr-doc' 'python-pcp' 'python-pdfrw' 'python-pecan' 'python-pefile' 'python-pep8' 'python-persistent' 'python-persistent-devel' 'python-persistent-doc' 'python-pexpect' 'python-pickleshare' 'python-pifpaf' 'python-pika' 'python-pika-pool' 'python-pip' 'python-pisock' 'python-piston-mini-client' 'python-pivy' 'python-pivy' 'python-pivy-debuginfo' 'python-pivy-debugsource' 'python-pkgconfig' 'python-pkginfo' 'python-plist' 'python-pluggy' 'python-ply' 'python-ply-doc' 'python-plyvel' 'python-pmw' 'python-podcastparser' 'python-podcastparser' 'python-polib' 'python-polib-doc' 'python-poppler' 'python-poppler-qt4' 'python-portpicker' 'python-positional' 'python-posix_ipc' 'python-presage' 'python-presagemate' 'python-pretend' 'python-proboscis' 'python-process-tests' 'python-progressbar' 'python-protobuf' 'python-pssh' 'python-psutil' 'python-psycopg2' 'python-psycopg2-doc' 'python-ptyprocess' 'python-puppetboard' 'python-puppetboard-apache' 'python-puppetboard-uwsgi' 'python-pushy' 'python-pwquality' 'python-py' 'python-py-bcrypt' 'python-py-cpuinfo' 'python-py-doc' 'python-py2pack' 'python-py2pack' 'python-pyBarcode' 'python-pyOpenSSL' 'python-pyOpenSSL-doc' 'python-pyPEG2' 'python-pyRFC3339' 'python-pyasn1' 'python-pyasn1-modules' 'python-pybeam' 'python-pybluez' 'python-pybtex' 'python-pybtex-doc' 'python-pycadf' 'python-pycadf-doc' 'python-pycdio' 'python-pycha' 'python-pycountry' 'python-pycparser' 'python-pycrypto' 'python-pycurl' 'python-pycurl-doc' 'python-pydot' 'python-pydot3' 'python-pydotplus' 'python-pyenchant' 'python-pyexiv2' 'python-pyflakes' 'python-pyftpdlib' 'python-pygame' 'python-pygame-devel' 'python-pygame-doc' 'python-pyghmi' 'python-pygit2' 'python-pyglet' 'python-pygraphviz' 'python-pyinotify' 'python-pyinsane' 'python-pyinsane2' 'python-pykerberos' 'python-pylibacl' 'python-pylibacl-doc' 'python-pyliblzma' 'python-pyliblzma-doc' 'python-pylibmc' 'python-pylint' 'python-pylons_sphinx_theme' 'python-pylzma' 'python-pymad' 'python-pymad' 'python-pymad-debuginfo' 'python-pymad-debugsource' 'python-pymetar' 'python-pymongo' 'python-pymp3cut' 'python-pyocr' 'python-pyparsing' 'python-pyparsing-doc' 'python-pypdf' 'python-pyplete' 'python-pypuppetdb' 'python-pyquery' 'python-pyramid' 'python-pyramid-doc' 'python-pyroute2' 'python-pyrrd' 'python-pysaml2' 'python-pyscard' 'python-pysendfile' 'python-pyserial' 'python-pyside' 'python-pyside-devel' 'python-pyside-doc' 'python-pyside-shiboken' 'python-pyside-shiboken-doc' 'python-pyside-tools' 'python-pyside-tools' 'python-pyside-tools-debuginfo' 'python-pyside-tools-debugsource' 'python-pysmell' 'python-pysmi' 'python-pysnmp' 'python-pysnmp-utils' 'python-pysqlite' 'python-pysrt' 'python-pysvn' 'python-pyte' 'python-pytest' 'python-pytest-cov' 'python-pytest-doc' 'python-pytest-runner' 'python-python-daemon' 'python-python-digest' 'python-python-editor' 'python-python-gammu' 'python-python-gflags' 'python-python-jenkins' 'python-python-memcached' 'python-python-mimeparse' 'python-python-openid' 'python-python-sql' 'python-python-stdnum' 'python-python-subunit' 'python-python-termstyle' 'python-python-urljr' 'python-pytidylib' 'python-pytidylib6' 'python-pytools' 'python-pytz' 'python-pyuca' 'python-pyudev' 'python-pywbem' 'python-pyweblib' 'python-pyxb' 'python-pyzmq' 'python-pyzmq-devel' 'python-qpid' 'python-qpid-common' 'python-qpid-proton' 'python-qpid-proton-doc' 'python-qpid-qmf' 'python-qpid_messaging' 'python-qrcode' 'python-qscintilla' 'python-qscintilla-sip' 'python-qt4' 'python-qt4-devel' 'python-qt4-utils' 'python-qt5' 'python-qt5-devel' 'python-qt5-utils' 'python-rados' 'python-raet' 'python-random2' 'python-rapi2' 'python-rapi2-debuginfo' 'python-rarfile' 'python-rarfile-doc' 'python-ravello-sdk' 'python-rbd' 'python-rdflib' 'python-rdflib-doc' 'python-rebulk' 'python-redis' 'python-redland' 'python-rednose' 'python-regex' 'python-relatorio' 'python-remoto' 'python-reno' 'python-reportlab' 'python-repoze.lru' 'python-repoze.sphinx.autointerface' 'python-repoze.who' 'python-requestbuilder' 'python-requests' 'python-requests-kerberos' 'python-requests-mock' 'python-requests-oauthlib' 'python-requests-toolbelt' 'python-requestsexceptions' 'python-requirements-detector' 'python-requirements-parser' 'python-restkit' 'python-retry_decorator' 'python-retrying' 'python-rfc3986' 'python-rgw' 'python-roman' 'python-rope' 'python-rpm-macros' 'python-rpm-macros' 'python-rrdtool' 'python-rsa' 'python-rst2pdf' 'python-rsvg' 'python-rtaudio' 'python-rtaudio-debuginfo' 'python-rtslib' 'python-rtslib' 'python-rtslib-fb' 'python-rtslib-fb' 'python-rtslib-fb-doc' 'python-ruamel.base' 'python-ruamel.ordereddict' 'python-ruamel.yaml' 'python-s3transfer' 'python-s3transfer' 'python-saharaclient' 'python-saharaclient-doc' 'python-salt-testing' 'python-sanlock' 'python-scapy' 'python-scapy' 'python-scgi' 'python-scipy' 'python-scipy-weave' 'python-scitools' 'python-scour' 'python-scripttest' 'python-seacucumber' 'python-selinux' 'python-semanage' 'python-semantic_version' 'python-semver' 'python-send2trash' 'python-senlinclient' 'python-senlinclient-doc' 'python-service_identity' 'python-setools' 'python-setproctitle' 'python-setuptools' 'python-setuptools-git' 'python-setuptools_scm' 'python-sh' 'python-sievelib' 'python-simplebayes' 'python-simpleeval' 'python-simplegeneric' 'python-simplejson' 'python-simplejson' 'python-singledispatch' 'python-sip' 'python-sip-devel' 'python-six' 'python-six-doc' 'python-slapdsock' 'python-sleekxmpp' 'python-slimit' 'python-slimmer' 'python-slip' 'python-slip-dbus' 'python-slip-gtk' 'python-slowaes' 'python-slumber' 'python-smbc' 'python-smbios' 'python-smmap' 'python-snowballstemmer' 'python-socketpool' 'python-solv' 'python-sortedcontainers' 'python-sphinx-testing' 'python-sphinx_rtd_theme' 'python-sphinxcontrib-breathe' 'python-sphinxcontrib-docbookrestapi' 'python-sphinxcontrib-httpdomain' 'python-sphinxcontrib-issuetracker' 'python-sphinxcontrib-pecanwsme' 'python-sphinxcontrib-programoutput' 'python-spyderlib' 'python-sqlalchemy-migrate' 'python-sqlparse' 'python-sss_nss_idmap' 'python-sssd-config' 'python-statsd' 'python-stevedore' 'python-stevedore-doc' 'python-stomper' 'python-storm' 'python-storm-django' 'python-storm-mysql' 'python-storm-postgresql' 'python-storm-twisted' 'python-suds-jurko' 'python-sure' 'python-svg2rlg' 'python-svneverever' 'python-swiftclient' 'python-swiftclient-doc' 'python-sympy' 'python-systemd' 'python-tables' 'python-tables-doc' 'python-tablib' 'python-tabulate' 'python-tagpy' 'python-talloc' 'python-talloc-32bit' 'python-talloc-devel' 'python-taskflow' 'python-taskflow-doc' 'python-tdb' 'python-tdb-32bit' 'python-tempest-lib' 'python-temps' 'python-tenacity' 'python-termcolor' 'python-terminado' 'python-testpath' 'python-testrepository' 'python-testresources' 'python-testscenarios' 'python-testtools' 'python-tevent' 'python-tevent-32bit' 'python-texttable' 'python-thrift' 'python-tk' 'python-tlslite' 'python-tlslite-doc' 'python-tn3270' 'python-tooz' 'python-tooz-doc' 'python-tornado' 'python-tornado' 'python-totem' 'python-tox' 'python-traceback2' 'python-traitlets' 'python-transaction' 'python-transaction-doc' 'python-translationstring' 'python-translationstring-doc' 'python-tre' 'python-trollius' 'python-troveclient' 'python-troveclient-doc' 'python-tsk' 'python-tvdb_api' 'python-tvdb_api' 'python-tvrage' 'python-tvrage' 'python-tweepy' 'python-twine' 'python-txsocksx' 'python-typing' 'python-tzlocal' 'python-ujson' 'python-uncertainties' 'python-unicodecsv' 'python-unittest-xml-reporting' 'python-unittest2' 'python-uritemplate' 'python-uritemplate' 'python-urlgrabber' 'python-urllib3' 'python-urwid' 'python-usb' 'python-utidy' 'python-utidy-devel-doc' 'python-vcs' 'python-vcversioner' 'python-venusian' 'python-venusian-doc' 'python-versiontools' 'python-veusz' 'python-vips' 'python-virtkey' 'python-virtualbox' 'python-virtualenv' 'python-virtualenv-clone' 'python-virtualenv-doc' 'python-virtualenvwrapper' 'python-vobject' 'python-volatility' 'python-voluptuous' 'python-vte' 'python-wadllib' 'python-waitress' 'python-warlock' 'python-wcwidth' 'python-weakrefmethod' 'python-weave' 'python-web.py' 'python-webkitgtk' 'python-webkitgtk-devel' 'python-websocket-client' 'python-websocket-client-test' 'python-websockify' 'python-websockify' 'python-webunit' 'python-wheel' 'python-wikipedia' 'python-wnck' 'python-wrapt' 'python-wsgi_intercept' 'python-wsgiref' 'python-wxWidgets' 'python-wxWidgets-3_0' 'python-wxWidgets-3_0-devel' 'python-wxWidgets-3_0-lang' 'python-wxWidgets-devel' 'python-wxWidgets-lang' 'python-xapian' 'python-xapp' 'python-xattr' 'python-xcb-proto-devel' 'python-xdg' 'python-xklavier' 'python-xlib' 'python-xlrd' 'python-xlwt' 'python-xml' 'python-xmldiff' 'python-xmms2' 'python-yaql' 'python-yara' 'python-youtube-dl' 'python-yubico' 'python-yui' 'python-yum' 'python-z3' 'python-zake' 'python-zaqarclient' 'python-zaqarclient-doc' 'python-zbar' 'python-zbar-gtk' 'python-zc.lockfile' 'python-zc_buildout' 'python-zdaemon' 'python-zeroconf' 'python-zeroconf' 'python-zinnia' 'python-zope.component' 'python-zope.component-doc' 'python-zope.configuration' 'python-zope.configuration-doc' 'python-zope.deprecation' 'python-zope.deprecation-doc' 'python-zope.event' 'python-zope.event-doc' 'python-zope.exceptions' 'python-zope.exceptions-doc' 'python-zope.hookable' 'python-zope.hookable-doc' 'python-zope.i18nmessageid' 'python-zope.i18nmessageid-doc' 'python-zope.interface' 'python-zope.interface-doc' 'python-zope.proxy' 'python-zope.proxy-devel' 'python-zope.proxy-doc' 'python-zope.schema' 'python-zope.schema-doc' 'python-zope.testbrowser' 'python-zope.testing' 'python-zope.testrunner' 'python-zypp' 'python2-clustershell' 'python2-compizconfig' 'python2-kiwi' 'python2-libtorrent-rasterbar' 'python3' 'python3-32bit' 'python3-Attest' 'python3-Babel' 'python3-Beaker' 'python3-Bottleneck' 'python3-CXX' 'python3-CXX-devel' 'python3-CherryPy' 'python3-CommonMark' 'python3-CommonMark-doc' 'python3-Cycler' 'python3-Cython' 'python3-Django' 'python3-Durus' 'python3-EasyProcess' 'python3-Flask' 'python3-Flask-WTF' 'python3-Flask-doc' 'python3-Frozen-Flask' 'python3-Genshi' 'python3-Genshi-doc' 'python3-GeoIP' 'python3-GitgExt' 'python3-IPython' 'python3-IPython-doc' 'python3-Jinja2' 'python3-Jinja2-emacs' 'python3-Jinja2-vim' 'python3-JsonWeb' 'python3-Levenshtein' 'python3-Mako' 'python3-Markdown' 'python3-MarkupSafe' 'python3-Markups' 'python3-MiniMock' 'python3-PasteDeploy' 'python3-Pillow' 'python3-PrettyTable' 'python3-PyICU' 'python3-PyJWT' 'python3-PyJWT' 'python3-PyMySQL' 'python3-PyPDF2' 'python3-PyVirtualDisplay' 'python3-PyWebDAV3-GNUHealth' 'python3-PyYAML' 'python3-Pygments' 'python3-QtAwesome' 'python3-QtPy' 'python3-SPARQLWrapper' 'python3-SQLAlchemy' 'python3-SQLAlchemy-doc' 'python3-Sphinx' 'python3-Sphinx-doc' 'python3-Tempita' 'python3-Trolly' 'python3-Twisted' 'python3-Twisted-doc' 'python3-WTForms' 'python3-WebOb' 'python3-WebOb-doc' 'python3-Werkzeug' 'python3-Werkzeug-doc' 'python3-XlsxWriter' 'python3-aeidon' 'python3-aiohttp' 'python3-alabaster' 'python3-alembic' 'python3-amqp' 'python3-amqplib' 'python3-anyjson' 'python3-apache-libcloud' 'python3-apparmor' 'python3-appdirs' 'python3-apsw' 'python3-apsw-doc' 'python3-argh' 'python3-args' 'python3-arrow' 'python3-astroid' 'python3-atspi' 'python3-audioread' 'python3-autopep8' 'python3-babelfish' 'python3-backports.shutil_get_terminal_size' 'python3-backports.ssl_match_hostname' 'python3-backports_abc' 'python3-base' 'python3-base-32bit' 'python3-bcc' 'python3-bcrypt' 'python3-beautifulsoup4' 'python3-beautifulsoup4-doc' 'python3-betamax' 'python3-biplist' 'python3-blessings' 'python3-blinker' 'python3-blosc' 'python3-boto' 'python3-boto-doc' 'python3-bottle' 'python3-bpython' 'python3-brlapi' 'python3-bsddb3' 'python3-bsddb3-devel' 'python3-cairo' 'python3-cairo-devel' 'python3-cairocffi' 'python3-cairocffi-pixbuf' 'python3-caldav' 'python3-case' 'python3-ccm' 'python3-ceph-argparse' 'python3-cephfs' 'python3-cerealizer' 'python3-certifi' 'python3-cffi' 'python3-cffi-doc' 'python3-chai' 'python3-chardet' 'python3-click' 'python3-clint' 'python3-clustershell' 'python3-cmd2' 'python3-colorama' 'python3-colorlog' 'python3-compizconfig' 'python3-configobj' 'python3-constantly' 'python3-construct' 'python3-cov-core' 'python3-coverage' 'python3-cracklib' 'python3-cryptography' 'python3-cssselect' 'python3-cssutils' 'python3-cups' 'python3-cupshelpers' 'python3-curses' 'python3-curtsies' 'python3-d2to1' 'python3-dateutil' 'python3-dbm' 'python3-decorator' 'python3-defusedxml' 'python3-deprecation' 'python3-devel' 'python3-dfdatetime' 'python3-dfwinreg' 'python3-distutils-extra' 'python3-django-appconf' 'python3-django-picklefield' 'python3-dnspython' 'python3-doc' 'python3-doc-pdf' 'python3-docker-py' 'python3-docker-py-test' 'python3-docopt' 'python3-docutils' 'python3-dogpile.cache' 'python3-ecdsa' 'python3-editdistance' 'python3-efl' 'python3-efl-doc' 'python3-efl-examples' 'python3-entrypoint2' 'python3-entrypoints' 'python3-enzyme' 'python3-evemu' 'python3-extras' 'python3-fake-factory' 'python3-feedparser' 'python3-fixtures' 'python3-flake8' 'python3-flexmock' 'python3-future' 'python3-gdal' 'python3-gdata' 'python3-gedit' 'python3-geis' 'python3-gevent' 'python3-gexiv2' 'python3-gmpy' 'python3-gnupg' 'python3-gobject' 'python3-gobject-Gdk' 'python3-gobject-cairo' 'python3-gobject2' 'python3-gobject2-devel' 'python3-greenlet' 'python3-greenlet-devel' 'python3-gst' 'python3-guessit' 'python3-gunicorn' 'python3-gunicorn-doc' 'python3-h5py' 'python3-hl7apy' 'python3-holoviews' 'python3-html2text' 'python3-html5lib' 'python3-http-parser' 'python3-httplib2' 'python3-idle' 'python3-idna' 'python3-imagesize' 'python3-incremental' 'python3-ipaddr' 'python3-ipython_genutils' 'python3-isodate' 'python3-isort' 'python3-itsdangerous' 'python3-jedi' 'python3-jellyfish' 'python3-jsonschema' 'python3-jupyter_client' 'python3-jupyter_client-doc' 'python3-jupyter_core' 'python3-jupyter_core-doc-html' 'python3-jupyter_nbformat' 'python3-kde4' 'python3-kde4-devel' 'python3-kde4-doc' 'python3-kde4-khtml' 'python3-kde4-knewstuff' 'python3-kde4-phonon' 'python3-kde4-plasma' 'python3-keepalive' 'python3-kiwi' 'python3-kombu' 'python3-lazy-object-proxy' 'python3-lazy_object_proxy' 'python3-ldap3' 'python3-ldb' 'python3-ldb-32bit' 'python3-ldb-devel' 'python3-lesscpy' 'python3-libaccounts' 'python3-libarchive-c' 'python3-libfvde' 'python3-libfwnt' 'python3-libgsignon' 'python3-libprelude' 'python3-libpreludedb' 'python3-libscca' 'python3-libsoc' 'python3-libvslvm' 'python3-linecache2' 'python3-logilab-astng' 'python3-logilab-common' 'python3-louis' 'python3-lxml' 'python3-lxml-doc' 'python3-matplotlib' 'python3-matplotlib-cairo' 'python3-matplotlib-gtk2' 'python3-matplotlib-gtk3' 'python3-matplotlib-latex' 'python3-matplotlib-qt-shared' 'python3-matplotlib-qt4' 'python3-matplotlib-web' 'python3-maxminddb' 'python3-mccabe' 'python3-metaextract' 'python3-minidb' 'python3-mistune' 'python3-mistune' 'python3-mock' 'python3-mock-doc' 'python3-mpi4py' 'python3-mpi4py-devel' 'python3-mpmath' 'python3-mpmath-doc' 'python3-mraa' 'python3-msgpack-python' 'python3-multidict' 'python3-munkres' 'python3-musicbrainzngs' 'python3-nbxmpp' 'python3-nbxmpp-doc' 'python3-neovim' 'python3-netifaces' 'python3-networkx' 'python3-nose' 'python3-nose-cover3' 'python3-nose-exclude' 'python3-notify2' 'python3-notmuch' 'python3-numexpr' 'python3-numpy' 'python3-numpy-devel' 'python3-numpy-doc' 'python3-numpydoc' 'python3-olefile' 'python3-opencv' 'python3-opencv-qt5' 'python3-opengl' 'python3-openpyxl' 'python3-openpyxl' 'python3-openqa_review' 'python3-openshot' 'python3-openshot-debuginfo' 'python3-pandas' 'python3-pandas-doc' 'python3-param' 'python3-paramiko' 'python3-patsy' 'python3-pbr' 'python3-pbr-doc' 'python3-pcp' 'python3-pep8' 'python3-pexpect' 'python3-phue' 'python3-pickleshare' 'python3-pika' 'python3-pip' 'python3-piston-mini-client' 'python3-pkgconfig' 'python3-pkginfo' 'python3-pluggy' 'python3-ply' 'python3-ply-doc' 'python3-polib' 'python3-polib-doc' 'python3-process-tests' 'python3-progressbar' 'python3-prompt_toolkit' 'python3-psutil' 'python3-psycopg2' 'python3-psycopg2-doc' 'python3-ptyprocess' 'python3-py' 'python3-py' 'python3-py-cpuinfo' 'python3-py-doc' 'python3-py-doc' 'python3-pyBarcode' 'python3-pyOpenSSL' 'python3-pyOpenSSL-doc' 'python3-pyPEG2' 'python3-pyasn1' 'python3-pyasn1-modules' 'python3-pybeam' 'python3-pycha' 'python3-pycodestyle' 'python3-pycparser' 'python3-pycrypto' 'python3-pycurl' 'python3-pycurl-doc' 'python3-pydicom' 'python3-pydot3' 'python3-pyenchant' 'python3-pyfeyn' 'python3-pyflakes' 'python3-pyftpdlib' 'python3-pygame' 'python3-pygame-devel' 'python3-pygame-doc' 'python3-pyinotify' 'python3-pylast' 'python3-pylint' 'python3-pymongo' 'python3-pyparsing' 'python3-pyparsing-doc' 'python3-pyquery' 'python3-pyrsistent' 'python3-pysendfile' 'python3-pyserial' 'python3-pyside' 'python3-pyside-devel' 'python3-pyside-shiboken' 'python3-pyside-shiboken-doc' 'python3-pysrt' 'python3-pysvn' 'python3-pyte' 'python3-pytest' 'python3-pytest-cov' 'python3-pytest-runner' 'python3-python-editor' 'python3-python-magic' 'python3-python-mimeparse' 'python3-python-mpd2' 'python3-python-ptrace' 'python3-python-sql' 'python3-python-stdnum' 'python3-python-termstyle' 'python3-pytz' 'python3-pyudev' 'python3-pyx' 'python3-pyx-doc' 'python3-pyxdg' 'python3-pyzmq' 'python3-pyzmq-devel' 'python3-qrcode' 'python3-qscintilla' 'python3-qt4' 'python3-qt4-devel' 'python3-qt5' 'python3-qt5-devel' 'python3-rados' 'python3-rarfile' 'python3-rarfile-doc' 'python3-raven' 'python3-rbd' 'python3-rdflib' 'python3-rdflib-doc' 'python3-rebulk' 'python3-recommonmark' 'python3-redis' 'python3-regex' 'python3-relatorio' 'python3-repoze.sphinx.autointerface' 'python3-requests' 'python3-requests' 'python3-requests-mock' 'python3-requests-toolbelt' 'python3-rgw' 'python3-rnginline' 'python3-rope' 'python3-rply' 'python3-rpm' 'python3-rpmconf' 'python3-ruamel.base' 'python3-ruamel.yaml' 'python3-scikit-image' 'python3-scipy' 'python3-scripttest' 'python3-semver' 'python3-setproctitle' 'python3-setuptools' 'python3-setuptools-git' 'python3-setuptools_scm' 'python3-simpleeval' 'python3-simplegeneric' 'python3-simplejson' 'python3-sip' 'python3-sip-devel' 'python3-six' 'python3-six' 'python3-six-doc' 'python3-six-doc' 'python3-sleekxmpp' 'python3-smbc' 'python3-snowballstemmer' 'python3-socketpool' 'python3-solv' 'python3-spark_parser' 'python3-speechd' 'python3-sphinx_rtd_theme' 'python3-sphinxcontrib-issuetracker' 'python3-spyderlib' 'python3-statsmodels' 'python3-stdeb' 'python3-stevedore' 'python3-subliminal' 'python3-sympy' 'python3-tables' 'python3-tables-doc' 'python3-tabulate' 'python3-talloc' 'python3-talloc-32bit' 'python3-talloc-devel' 'python3-tdb' 'python3-tdb-32bit' 'python3-termcolor' 'python3-terminado' 'python3-testpath' 'python3-testscenarios' 'python3-testsuite' 'python3-testtools' 'python3-testtools-doc' 'python3-tevent' 'python3-tevent-32bit' 'python3-textile' 'python3-tk' 'python3-tools' 'python3-tornado' 'python3-tox' 'python3-tox-doc' 'python3-traceback2' 'python3-traitlets' 'python3-transaction' 'python3-trello' 'python3-twine' 'python3-typing' 'python3-ujson' 'python3-unittest-xml-reporting' 'python3-unittest2' 'python3-uritemplate' 'python3-urllib3' 'python3-urwid' 'python3-usb' 'python3-vcversioner' 'python3-versiontools' 'python3-veusz' 'python3-vine' 'python3-virtkey' 'python3-virtualenv' 'python3-virtualenv-doc' 'python3-vobject' 'python3-vtk' 'python3-vtk-qt' 'python3-wcwidth' 'python3-websocket-client' 'python3-websocket-client' 'python3-websocket-client-test' 'python3-websockets' 'python3-wheel' 'python3-wikipedia' 'python3-wrapt' 'python3-ws4py' 'python3-xapp' 'python3-xattr' 'python3-xlib' 'python3-xlrd' 'python3-xlwt' 'python3-xonsh' 'python3-youtube-dl' 'python3-zipstream' 'python3-zope-proxy' 'python3-zope.event' 'python3-zope.interface' 'pyzy-db-android' 'pyzy-db-open-phrase' 'pyzy-devel' 'q4wine' 'q4wine-lang' 'qBittorrent' 'qactus' 'qalculate' 'qbittorrent' 'qbittorrent-nox' 'qca' 'qca-devel' 'qconf' 'qd-devel' 'qdevicemonitor' 'qdirstat' 'qdox' 'qdox-javadoc' 'qdox-repolib' 'qelectrotech' 'qemacs' 'qemu' 'qemu' 'qemu-arm' 'qemu-block-curl' 'qemu-block-dmg' 'qemu-block-iscsi' 'qemu-block-rbd' 'qemu-block-ssh' 'qemu-extra' 'qemu-guest-agent' 'qemu-ipxe' 'qemu-ksm' 'qemu-kvm' 'qemu-lang' 'qemu-linux-user' 'qemu-linux-user' 'qemu-ovmf-ia32' 'qemu-ovmf-x86_64' 'qemu-ovmf-x86_64-debug' 'qemu-ppc' 'qemu-s390' 'qemu-seabios' 'qemu-sgabios' 'qemu-testsuite' 'qemu-testsuite' 'qemu-tools' 'qemu-vgabios' 'qemu-x86' 'qgit' 'qgle' 'qgo' 'qhexedit2' 'qhexedit2-devel' 'qhexedit2-doc' 'qhull' 'qhull-devel' 'qiv' 'qjackctl' 'qjackctl-lang' 'qlogic-rules' 'qlvnictools' 'qm' 'qml-box2d' 'qmmp' 'qmmp' 'qmmp-debuginfo' 'qmmp-debugsource' 'qmmp-plugin-pack' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-debugsource' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-ffap' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-ffap-debuginfo' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-mpg123' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-mpg123-debuginfo' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-samplerate' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-samplerate-debuginfo' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-xmp' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-xmp-debuginfo' 'qnapi' 'qoauth-devel' 'qoauth-qt5-devel' 'qore' 'qore-asn1-module' 'qore-asn1-module-doc' 'qore-devel' 'qore-devel-doc' 'qore-doc' 'qore-json-module' 'qore-json-module-doc' 'qore-mysql-module' 'qore-mysql-module-doc' 'qore-pgsql-module' 'qore-pgsql-module-doc' 'qore-sqlite3-module' 'qore-sqlite3-module-doc' 'qore-ssh2-module' 'qore-ssh2-module-doc' 'qore-uuid-module' 'qore-uuid-module-doc' 'qore-xml-module' 'qore-xml-module-doc' 'qore-yaml-module' 'qore-yaml-module-doc' 'qos' 'qpdf' 'qpdf' 'qpdf-devel' 'qpdfview' 'qpdfview' 'qpdfview-lang' 'qperf' 'qphotorec' 'qpid-cpp-client' 'qpid-cpp-client-devel' 'qpid-cpp-client-devel-docs' 'qpid-cpp-server' 'qpid-cpp-server-ha' 'qpid-cpp-server-store' 'qpid-proton-devel' 'qpid-proton-devel-doc' 'qpid-qmf' 'qpid-qmf-devel' 'qpid-tools' 'qpress' 'qprint' 'qps' 'qputty' 'qputty' 'qputty-debuginfo' 'qputty-debugsource' 'qqwing' 'qqwing-devel' 'qrencode' 'qrencode-devel' 'qrupdate' 'qrupdate-devel' 'qrupdate-static' 'qsapecng' 'qsyncthingtray' 'qsynergy' 'qsynth' 'qsynth' 'qt3' 'qt3-32bit' 'qt3-devel' 'qt3-devel-32bit' 'qt3-devel-doc' 'qt3-devel-examples' 'qt3-devel-tools' 'qt3-extensions' 'qt3-man' 'qt3-mysql' 'qt3-postgresql' 'qt3-sqlite' 'qt3-unixODBC' 'qt4-assistant-adp' 'qt4-assistant-adp-devel' 'qt4-qtscript' 'qt4-qtscript-doc' 'qt4-x11-tools' 'qt4pas' 'qt4pas-devel' 'qt4pas-devel' 'qt5ct' 'qtc' 'qtcurve-gtk2' 'qtcurve-kde4' 'qtcurve-qt5' 'qterm' 'qterminal' 'qterminal-lang' 'qtermwidget-qt4-data' 'qtermwidget-qt4-devel' 'qtermwidget-qt5-data' 'qtermwidget-qt5-devel' 'qtkeychain-devel' 'qtkeychain-lang' 'qtkeychain-qt5-devel' 'qtodotxt' 'qtractor' 'qtractor' 'qtractor-debuginfo' 'qtractor-debugsource' 'qtsmbstatus' 'qtsmbstatus' 'qtsmbstatus-debuginfo' 'qtsmbstatus-debugsource' 'qtsmbstatus-lang' 'qtsmbstatus-light' 'qtsmbstatus-light-debuginfo' 'qtsmbstatus-server' 'qtsmbstatus-server-debuginfo' 'qtweetlib' 'qtweetlib-debugsource' 'qtweetlib-devel' 'quadrapassel' 'quadrapassel-lang' 'quagga' 'quagga' 'quagga-devel' 'quakespasm' 'quantum-espresso' 'quantum-espresso-doc' 'quantum-espresso-openmpi' 'quassel-base' 'quassel-client' 'quassel-client-qt5' 'quassel-core' 'quassel-mono' 'quazip-devel' 'quazip-doc' 'qucs' 'qucs-devel' 'quickbook_1_58_0' 'quilt' 'quimup' 'quimup' 'quimup-debuginfo' 'quimup-debugsource' 'quiterss' 'quiterss-lang' 'quota' 'quota-nfs' 'quotatool' 'qupzilla' 'qupzilla-gnome-keyring' 'qupzilla-kwallet' 'qutebrowser' 'qutecom' 'qutecom' 'qutecom-debuginfo' 'qutecom-debugsource' 'qutim' 'qutim-devel' 'qutim-plugin-aspeller' 'qutim-plugin-hunspeller' 'qutim-plugin-kdeintegration' 'qutim-plugin-sdlsound' 'quvi' 'qv4l2' 'qwebyast' 'qwt-designer' 'qwt-devel' 'qwt-devel-doc' 'qwt-examples' 'qwt6' 'qwt6-designer' 'qwt6-devel' 'qwt6-devel-doc' 'qwt6-examples' 'qx11grab' 'qx11grab' 'qx11grab-debuginfo' 'qx11grab-debugsource' 'qxmledit' 'qxmledit-devel' 'rabbitmq-java-client' 'rabbitmq-server' 'rabbitmq-server-plugins' 'racer' 'racket' 'racket-devel' 'racket-games' 'racket-webserver' 'radamsa' 'radeontop' 'radiotray' 'radiotray-lang' 'rados-objclass-devel' 'radvd' 'rage' 'ragel' 'raleway-fonts' 'randrproto-devel' 'ranger' 'rapi2-tools' 'rapi2-tools-debuginfo' 'rapid-photo-downloader' 'rapport' 'raptor' 'rar' 'rar' 'rarian' 'rarian-devel' 'rarian-scrollkeeper-compat' 'rarpd' 'rasdaemon' 'rasmol' 'raspberrypi-firmware' 'raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi' 'raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi2' 'raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi3' 'raspberrypi-firmware-extra' 'rasqal' 'raw-thumbnailer' 'rawstudio' 'rawstudio-lang' 'razercfg' 'razor-agents' 'rbd-fuse' 'rbd-mirror' 'rbd-nbd' 'rcc-runtime' 'rcm' 'rcs' 'rdate' 'rdesktop' 'rdiff' 'rdiff-backup' 'rdist' 'rdma-core' 'rdma-core' 'rdma-core-devel' 'rdma-core-devel-32bit' 'rdma-ndd' 'rds-tools' 'rds-tools-devel' 're2' 're2-devel' 're2c' 'readline-devel' 'readline-devel-32bit' 'readline-doc' 'readline5-devel' 'readline5-devel-32bit' 'rear' 'reaver' 'reaver' 'reaver-debuginfo' 'reaver-debugsource' 'rebootmgr' 'recode' 'recode-devel' 'recorditnow' 'recorditnow' 'recorditnow-backend-ffmpeg' 'recorditnow-backend-ffmpeg-debuginfo' 'recorditnow-backend-mplayer' 'recorditnow-backend-mplayer-debuginfo' 'recorditnow-debuginfo' 'recorditnow-debugsource' 'recorditnow-lang' 'recordmydesktop' 'recordproto-devel' 'redeclipse' 'redeclipse-data' 'redis' 'redis' 'redland' 'redland-storage-postgresql' 'rednotebook' 'rednotebook-lang' 'redshift' 'redshift-gtk' 'regexp' 'reiser4progs' 'reiser4progs-devel' 'reiserfs' 'rekonq' 'rekonq-doc' 'rekonq-lang' 'relaxngDatatype' 'relaxngDatatype-javadoc' 'release-notes-openSUSE' 'release-notes-openSUSE' 'remind' 'remmina' 'remmina-devel' 'remmina-lang' 'remmina-plugin-rdp' 'remmina-plugin-spice' 'remmina-plugin-vnc' 'remmina-plugin-xdmcp' 'remmina-plugins-gnome' 'remote_desktop' 'rendercheck' 'renderproto-devel' 'rep-gtk' 'rep-gtk-devel' 'reptyr' 'resample' 'rescue' 'resolv_wrapper' 'resolve-trivial-conflicts' 'resource-agents' 'resource-agents' 'resourceproto-devel' 'retext' 'rfb' 'rfbplaymacro' 'rfbproxy' 'rfc' 'rfkill' 'rgb' 'rhino' 'rhino-demo' 'rhythmbox' 'rhythmbox-devel' 'rhythmbox-lang' 'rime' 'rinetd' 'ripit' 'ristretto' 'ristretto-lang' 'rk-devel' 'rkhunter' 'rkward' 'rlwrap' 'rmail' 'rman' 'rmedigicontrol' 'rnd_jue' 'rnd_jue-data' 'rng-tools' 'roar-devel' 'roar-devel-debuginfo' 'roaraudio' 'roaraudio' 'roaraudio-compat2' 'roaraudio-debuginfo' 'roaraudio-debugsource' 'roaraudio-plugins' 'roaraudio-plugins-debuginfo' 'roarpld' 'roarpld' 'roarpld-codechelper-gst' 'roarpld-debuginfo' 'roarpld-debugsource' 'roarpld-devel' 'roccat-arvo' 'roccat-arvo-devel' 'roccat-isku' 'roccat-isku-devel' 'roccat-iskufx' 'roccat-iskufx-devel' 'roccat-kone' 'roccat-kone-devel' 'roccat-koneplus' 'roccat-koneplus-devel' 'roccat-konepure' 'roccat-konepure-devel' 'roccat-konextd' 'roccat-konextd-devel' 'roccat-kovaplus' 'roccat-kovaplus-devel' 'roccat-lua' 'roccat-lua-devel' 'roccat-nyth' 'roccat-nyth-devel' 'roccat-pyra' 'roccat-pyra-devel' 'roccat-ryos' 'roccat-ryos-devel' 'roccat-savu' 'roccat-savu-devel' 'roccat-tools' 'roccat-tools-devel' 'roccat-tyon' 'roccat-tyon-devel' 'rockdodger' 'rocksndiamonds' 'rocksndiamonds-data' 'rocs' 'rocs-devel' 'rocs-lang' 'rofi' 'rollback-helper' 'root-tail' 'rosa-media-player' 'rosa-media-player' 'rosa-media-player-debuginfo' 'rosa-media-player-debugsource' 'rosa-media-player-lang' 'rosegarden' 'rott' 'roundcubemail' 'rox-filer' 'rp-pppoe' 'rp-pppoe' 'rpcbind' 'rpm' 'rpm-32bit' 'rpm-build' 'rpm-devel' 'rpm-python' 'rpmconf' 'rpmdevtools' 'rpmkey-packman' 'rpmkey-packman' 'rpmlint' 'rpmlint' 'rpmlint-Factory' 'rpmlint-Factory-strict' 'rpmlint-mini' 'rpmlint-mini' 'rpmlint-tests' 'rpmorphan' 'rpmrebuild' 'rrdtool' 'rrdtool' 'rrdtool-cached' 'rrdtool-devel' 'rsh' 'rsh-server' 'rsibreak' 'rsibreak-doc' 'rsibreak-lang' 'rsnapshot' 'rsocket' 'rsocket-32bit' 'rsound' 'rsound' 'rsound-debuginfo' 'rsound-debugsource' 'rss-glx' 'rss2email' 'rssguard' 'rssguard-lang' 'rsstail' 'rst2html5' 'rstart' 'rstcheck' 'rsvg-thumbnailer' 'rsvg-view' 'rsvg2-sharp' 'rsync' 'rsync' 'rsyslog' 'rsyslog-diag-tools' 'rsyslog-doc' 'rsyslog-module-dbi' 'rsyslog-module-elasticsearch' 'rsyslog-module-gcrypt' 'rsyslog-module-gssapi' 'rsyslog-module-gtls' 'rsyslog-module-guardtime' 'rsyslog-module-mmnormalize' 'rsyslog-module-mysql' 'rsyslog-module-omamqp1' 'rsyslog-module-omhttpfs' 'rsyslog-module-omtcl' 'rsyslog-module-pgsql' 'rsyslog-module-relp' 'rsyslog-module-snmp' 'rsyslog-module-udpspoof' 'rt2860' 'rtags' 'rtaudio' 'rtaudio-debugsource' 'rtaudio-devel' 'rtkit' 'rtl-sdr' 'rtl-sdr-devel' 'rtl-sdr-udev' 'rtmidi' 'rtmidi-devel' 'rtmpdump' 'rtmpdump' 'rtmpdump-debuginfo' 'rtmpdump-debugsource' 'rtmpgw' 'rtmpgw-debuginfo' 'rtmpsrv' 'rtmpsrv-debuginfo' 'rtmpsuck' 'rtmpsuck-debuginfo' 'rtorrent' 'rtorrent-vim' 'rubber' 'rubberband-cli' 'rubberband-ladspa' 'rubberband-ladspa-32bit' 'rubberband-vamp' 'rubberband-vamp-32bit' 'ruby' 'ruby-apparmor' 'ruby-camgm' 'ruby-common' 'ruby-devel' 'ruby-ecasound' 'ruby-geos' 'ruby-libprelude' 'ruby-marisa' 'ruby-obexftp' 'ruby-qt4' 'ruby-qt4-devel' 'ruby-redland' 'ruby-rrdtool' 'ruby-selinux' 'ruby-solv' 'ruby-xapian' 'ruby-yui' 'ruby-zypp' 'ruby2.1' 'ruby2.1-devel' 'ruby2.1-devel-extra' 'ruby2.1-doc' 'ruby2.1-doc-ri' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colored' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colored-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colored-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job_active_record' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job_active_record-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-dice' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-dice-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.1-stdlib' 'ruby2.2' 'ruby2.2-devel' 'ruby2.2-devel-extra' 'ruby2.2-doc' 'ruby2.2-doc-ri' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.2-stdlib' 'ruby2.2-tk' 'ruby2.3' 'ruby2.3-devel' 'ruby2.3-devel-extra' 'ruby2.3-doc' 'ruby2.3-doc-ri' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.3-stdlib' 'ruby2.3-tk' 'ruby2.4' 'ruby2.4-devel' 'ruby2.4-devel-extra' 'ruby2.4-doc' 'ruby2.4-doc-ri' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.4-stdlib' 'rubygem-amq-protocol' 'rubygem-amq-protocol-doc' 'rubygem-amq-protocol-testsuite' 'rubygem-builder-3_0' 'rubygem-builder-3_0-doc' 'rubygem-builder-3_0-testsuite' 'rubygem-cancan' 'rubygem-cancan-doc' 'rubygem-cancan-testsuite' 'rubygem-devise_unix2_chkpwd_authenticatable' 'rubygem-devise_unix2_chkpwd_authenticatable-doc' 'rubygem-facter' 'rubygem-gettext_activerecord' 'rubygem-gettext_activerecord-doc' 'rubygem-gettext_activerecord-testsuite' 'rubygem-hiera' 'rubygem-hub' 'rubygem-hub-bash-completion' 'rubygem-hub-zsh-completion' 'rubygem-libguestfs' 'rubygem-libwebsocket' 'rubygem-libwebsocket-doc' 'rubygem-libwebsocket-testsuite' 'rubygem-mail-2_4' 'rubygem-mail-2_4-doc' 'rubygem-mcollective' 'rubygem-mcollective-bash-completion' 'rubygem-mcollective-client' 'rubygem-mcollective-server' 'rubygem-mcollective-zsh-completion' 'rubygem-orm_adapter' 'rubygem-orm_adapter-doc' 'rubygem-orm_adapter-testsuite' 'rubygem-puppet' 'rubygem-puppet' 'rubygem-puppet-emacs' 'rubygem-puppet-master' 'rubygem-puppet-master-unicorn' 'rubygem-puppet-vim' 'rubygem-rice' 'rubygem-rice-doc' 'rubygem-ruby-fcgi' 'rubygem-ruby-fcgi-doc' 'rubygem-ruby-fcgi-testsuite' 'rubygem-rubyzip' 'rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2' 'rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2-doc' 'rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2-testsuite' 'rubygem-shoes' 'rubygem-shoes-doc' 'rubygem-shoes-testsuite' 'rubygem-taskjuggler' 'rubygem-warden' 'rubygem-warden-doc' 'rubygem-warden-testsuite' 'runc' 'runc' 'runc-test' 'rungetty' 'runvdr-extreme-systemd' 'rust' 'rust-doc' 'rust-gdb' 'rust-std' 'rustc-stage0' 'rxp' 'rxvt-unicode' 'rygel' 'rygel-devel' 'rygel-lang' 'rygel-plugin-gstreamer-renderer' 'rygel-plugin-tracker' 'rygel-plugin-zdf-mediathek' 'rypper' 'rzip' 'rzsz' 's2tc' 's2tc-32bit' 's2tc-devel' 's3backer' 's3fs' 'sablot' 'sablot-devel' 'sac' 'sac-javadoc' 'safte-monitor' 'saidar' 'salt' 'salt' 'salt-api' 'salt-bash-completion' 'salt-cloud' 'salt-doc' 'salt-fish-completion' 'salt-master' 'salt-minion' 'salt-proxy' 'salt-raet' 'salt-ssh' 'salt-syndic' 'salt-zsh-completion' 'samba' 'samba' 'samba-ceph' 'samba-client' 'samba-client-32bit' 'samba-core-devel' 'samba-doc' 'samba-krb-printing' 'samba-libs' 'samba-libs-32bit' 'samba-pidl' 'samba-python' 'samba-test' 'samba-winbind' 'samba-winbind-32bit' 'sane-backends' 'sane-backends-32bit' 'sane-backends-autoconfig' 'sane-backends-devel' 'sanlock' 'sanlock-devel' 'sap-locale' 'sap-locale-32bit' 'sarg' 'sash' 'sat4j' 'savannahice' 'savannahice' 'savannahice-debuginfo' 'savannahice-debugsource' 'saweri-fonts' 'sawfish' 'sawfish-devel' 'sawfish-sounds' 'sax3' 'saxon6' 'saxon6-aelfred' 'saxon6-demo' 'saxon6-fop' 'saxon6-javadoc' 'saxon6-jdom' 'saxon6-manual' 'saxon6-scripts' 'saxon8' 'saxon8-demo' 'saxon8-dom' 'saxon8-javadoc' 'saxon8-jdom' 'saxon8-manual' 'saxon8-scripts' 'saxon8-sql' 'saxon8-xom' 'saxon8-xpath' 'saxon9' 'saxon9-demo' 'saxon9-javadoc' 'saxon9-manual' 'saxon9-scripts' 'saxpath' 'sazanami-fonts' 'sbc' 'sbc-devel' 'sbcl' 'sbd' 'sbiload' 'sbl' 'sbl-orca' 'sblim-cim-client2' 'sblim-cim-client2-javadoc' 'sblim-cim-client2-manual' 'sblim-cmpi-base' 'sblim-cmpi-base-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-base-testsuite' 'sblim-cmpi-c++-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-dns' 'sblim-cmpi-dns-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-dns-test' 'sblim-cmpi-ethport_profile' 'sblim-cmpi-fsvol' 'sblim-cmpi-fsvol-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-fsvol-testsuite' 'sblim-cmpi-network' 'sblim-cmpi-network-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-nfsv3' 'sblim-cmpi-nfsv4' 'sblim-cmpi-params' 'sblim-cmpi-samba' 'sblim-cmpi-samba-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-samba-test' 'sblim-cmpi-ssh_service_profile' 'sblim-cmpi-sysfs' 'sblim-cmpi-syslog' 'sblim-cmpiutil-devel' 'sblim-gather' 'sblim-gather-devel' 'sblim-gather-provider' 'sblim-gather-test' 'sblim-indication_helper' 'sblim-indication_helper-devel' 'sblim-sfcCommon-devel' 'sblim-sfcb' 'sblim-sfcc' 'sblim-sfcc-devel' 'sblim-smis-hba' 'sblim-smis-hba-devel' 'sblim-smis-hba-test' 'sblim-testsuite' 'sblim-tools-libra-devel' 'sblim-wbemcli' 'sc' 'sc-controller' 'scalapack-openmpi-test' 'scalpel' 'scanmem' 'scantailor' 'scantailor-cli' 'scap-workbench' 'scap-workbench-doc' 'schedtool' 'schedtop' 'schemaspy' 'schismtracker' 'schroedinger-devel' 'schroedinger-doc' 'scid' 'scid' 'scid-debuginfo' 'scid-debugsource' 'scilab' 'scilab-devel' 'scilab-lang' 'scilab-modules' 'scilab-modules-doc' 'scilab-modules-doc-lang' 'scilab-tests' 'scirenderer' 'scirenderer-javadoc' 'scite' 'scmon' 'scons' 'scorpio22' 'scorpio22' 'scorpio22-debuginfo' 'scorpio23' 'scorpio23' 'scorpio23-debuginfo' 'scorpio24' 'scorpio24' 'scorpio24-debuginfo' 'scorpio25' 'scorpio25' 'scorpio25-debuginfo' 'scorpio26' 'scorpio26' 'scorpio26-debuginfo' 'scout' 'scout' 'scpm' 'scpm-devel' 'scpm-lang' 'scratch' 'scratch-devel' 'scratch-lang' 'screen' 'screen-message' 'screenfetch' 'screengen' 'screengen' 'screengen-debuginfo' 'screengen-debugsource' 'screenshot-tool' 'screenshot-tool-lang' 'scribus' 'scribus-devel' 'scrnsaverproto-devel' 'scrot' 'scrub' 'scrypt' 'scsirastools' 'scsires' 'scummvm' 'scummvm' 'scummvm-debuginfo' 'scummvm-debugsource' 'scummvm-extra' 'scummvm-extra-debuginfo' 'scummvm-tools' 'scummvm-tools' 'scummvm-tools-debuginfo' 'scummvm-tools-debugsource' 'sdcc' 'sdcc-doc' 'sdcc-libc-sources' 'sdcv' 'sddm' 'sddm-branding-openSUSE' 'sddm-branding-upstream' 'sddm-theme-openSUSE' 'sdl-ball' 'sdlscavenger' 'sdparm' 'seahorse' 'seahorse-daemon' 'seahorse-lang' 'seahorse-nautilus-lang' 'seahorse-sharing' 'seahorse-sharing-lang' 'seamonkey' 'seamonkey-translations-common' 'seamonkey-translations-other' 'seccheck' 'sed' 'sed' 'sed-lang' 'segv_handler' 'selene' 'selene' 'selene-debuginfo' 'selene-debugsource' 'selene-lang' 'selinux-doc' 'selinux-policy' 'selinux-policy' 'selinux-policy-devel' 'selinux-policy-doc' 'selinux-policy-minimum' 'selinux-policy-mls' 'selinux-policy-targeted' 'selinux-tools' 'semantik' 'semi-emacs' 'semi-xemacs' 'sendfax' 'sendmail' 'sendmail' 'sendmail-devel' 'sendmail-starttls' 'sendxmpp' 'sensord' 'sensors' 'seq24' 'ser2net' 'serd' 'serdi' 'servletapi3' 'servletapi3-javadoc' 'servletapi4' 'servletapi4-javadoc' 'servletapi5' 'sessreg' 'setconf' 'setools-console' 'setools-devel' 'setools-gui' 'setools-java' 'setools-libs' 'setools-tcl' 'setserial' 'setxkbmap' 'sfftobmp' 'sffview' 'sfml2-devel' 'sfml2-doc' 'sg3_utils' 'sg3_utils' 'sgi-bitmap-fonts' 'sgml-skel' 'sgmltool' 'sgmltools-lite' 'sgpio' 'sgrep' 'sha1collisiondetection' 'shadow' 'shadow' 'shadowsocks-libev' 'shadowsocks-libev' 'shadowsocks-libev-devel' 'shadowsocks-libev-doc' 'shairplay' 'shairplay' 'shairplay-debuginfo' 'shairplay-debugsource' 'shairplay-devel' 'shake' 'shapelib' 'shared-color-profiles' 'shared-color-targets' 'shared-desktop-ontologies' 'shared-desktop-ontologies-devel' 'shared-mime-info' 'shared-mime-info-lang' 'sharutils' 'sharutils-lang' 'shibboleth-sp' 'shibboleth-sp' 'shibboleth-sp-devel' 'shigofumi' 'shigofumi' 'shim' 'shntool' 'shntool' 'shntool-debuginfo' 'shntool-debugsource' 'shorewall' 'shorewall' 'shorewall-core' 'shorewall-docs' 'shorewall-init' 'shorewall-lite' 'shorewall6' 'shorewall6-lite' 'shorten' 'shorten' 'shorten-debuginfo' 'shorten-debugsource' 'shotcut' 'shotcut-lang' 'shotwell' 'shotwell' 'shotwell' 'shotwell-lang' 'shoutsend' 'shoutsend' 'shoutsend-debuginfo' 'showfont' 'showfoto' 'shp' 'shunit2' 'shutter' 'shutter' 'shutter' 'shutter-lang' 'siege' 'siga' 'signing-party' 'signon-kwallet-extension' 'signon-plugin-oauth2' 'signon-plugin-oauth2-devel' 'signon-plugins' 'signon-plugins-devel' 'signon-plugins-docs' 'signon-ui' 'signond' 'signond-docs' 'signond-libs' 'signond-libs-devel' 'sigrok-cli' 'sigrok-firmware-fx2lafw' 'sil-abyssinica-fonts' 'sil-charis-fonts' 'sil-doulos-fonts' 'sil-gentium-fonts' 'sil-padauk-fonts' 'silc-toolkit' 'silc-toolkit-devel' 'silicon' 'silicon' 'silicon-debuginfo' 'silicon-lang' 'simh' 'simple-ccsm' 'simple-ccsm-lang' 'simple-mtpfs' 'simple-scan' 'simple-scan-lang' 'simplescreenrecorder' 'simplescreenrecorder' 'simplescreenrecorder-debuginfo' 'simplescreenrecorder-debugsource' 'sipcalc' 'sipcalc' 'sipcalc-debuginfo' 'sipcalc-debugsource' 'siproxd' 'siproxd-doc' 'siren' 'siren' 'siren-debuginfo' 'siren-debugsource' 'sisctrl' 'sitar' 'site-config' 'sitecopy' 'sitecopy-lang' 'sk1' 'sk1' 'skanlite' 'skanlite-lang' 'skelcd-control-openSUSE-promo' 'skelcd-installer-openSUSE' 'ski' 'skinlf' 'skinlf-demo' 'skinlf-javadoc' 'skkdic' 'skkdic-extra' 'skopeo' 'sks' 'skypeforlinux' 'slade' 'slang-devel' 'slang-slsh' 'slapi-nis' 'sleuth' 'sleuthkit' 'sleuthkit-devel' 'slf4j' 'slf4j-javadoc' 'slf4j-manual' 'slib' 'slop' 'sloppy022' 'sloppy022' 'sloppy022-debuginfo' 'slowmoVideo' 'slowmoVideo' 'slowmoVideo-debuginfo' 'slowmoVideo-debugsource' 'slrn' 'slrn-lang' 'sluice' 'slurm' 'slurm-auth-none' 'slurm-devel' 'slurm-doc' 'slurm-lua' 'slurm-munge' 'slurm-openlava' 'slurm-pam_slurm' 'slurm-plugins' 'slurm-sched-wiki' 'slurm-seff' 'slurm-sjstat' 'slurm-slurmdb-direct' 'slurm-slurmdbd' 'slurm-sview' 'slurm-torque' 'smartmontools' 'smartmontools' 'smatch' 'smb4k' 'smb4k-doc' 'smb4k-lang' 'smbios-utils-bin' 'smbios-utils-python' 'smc-tools' 'smemstat' 'smictrl' 'smillaenlarger' 'smilutils' 'smp_utils' 'smplayer' 'smplayer-lang' 'smplayer-skins' 'smplayer-skins' 'smplayer-theme-leo' 'smplayer-theme-leo' 'smplayer-themes' 'smplayer-themes' 'smproxy' 'smssend' 'smtube' 'smtube' 'smtube-debuginfo' 'smtube-debugsource' 'smtube-lang' 'smugbatch' 'smuxi' 'smuxi-engine' 'smuxi-engine-campfire' 'smuxi-engine-campfire-lang' 'smuxi-engine-irc' 'smuxi-engine-irc-lang' 'smuxi-engine-jabbr' 'smuxi-engine-jabbr-lang' 'smuxi-engine-lang' 'smuxi-engine-twitter' 'smuxi-engine-twitter-lang' 'smuxi-engine-xmpp' 'smuxi-engine-xmpp-lang' 'smuxi-frontend' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-irc' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-irc-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-twitter' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-twitter-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-xmpp' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-xmpp-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-stfl' 'smuxi-message-buffer' 'smuxi-message-buffer-lang' 'smuxi-server' 'smuxi-server-lang' 'snack' 'snack' 'snap-photobooth' 'snap-photobooth-lang' 'snapper' 'snapper-zypp-plugin' 'snappy-devel' 'snd' 'snd_sf2' 'sndio' 'sndio-devel' 'sni-qt' 'sni-qt-32bit' 'snmp-mibs' 'snorenotify-qt5' 'snorenotify-qt5-devel' 'snowmix' 'snowmix' 'snowmix-debuginfo' 'snowmix-debugsource' 'socat' 'socket_wrapper' 'sofia-sip' 'sofia-sip-devel' 'softhsm' 'softhsm-devel' 'solaar' 'solaar-cli' 'solaar-doc' 'solarfighter' 'solarus' 'solarus-devel' 'solarus-quest-editor' 'solarwolf' 'solarwolf_we' 'solfege' 'solid-devel' 'solid-devel-32bit' 'solid-imports' 'solid-tools' 'something-for-reddit' 'sonar-icon-theme' 'sonic-visualiser' 'sonic-visualiser' 'sonic-visualiser-debuginfo' 'sonic-visualiser-debugsource' 'sonnet-devel' 'sonnet-devel-32bit' 'sooperlooper' 'sooperlooper' 'sooperlooper-debuginfo' 'sooperlooper-debugsource' 'soprano' 'soprano-backend-redland' 'soprano-backend-sesame' 'soprano-backend-virtuoso' 'sopwith' 'sord' 'sord' 'sound-juicer' 'sound-juicer-lang' 'sound-theme-freedesktop' 'soundconverter' 'soundconverter' 'soundconverter-lang' 'soundtouch' 'soundtouch-devel' 'soup-sharp' 'soup-sharp-devel' 'source-highlight' 'source-highlight-cgi' 'sox' 'sox' 'sox-debuginfo' 'sox-debugsource' 'sox-devel' 'soxr-devel' 'spacefm' 'spacefm-lang' 'spacenavd' 'spamassassin' 'spamassassin' 'spandsp-devel' 'spandsp-doc' 'sparkleshare' 'sparse' 'sparse-devel' 'sparse-inspect' 'sparse-llvm' 'sparsehash-devel' 'spatialindex-devel' 'spawn-fcgi' 'spdlog-devel' 'spdylay' 'spdylay-devel' 'spec-cleaner' 'spec-cleaner' 'spec-cleaner-format_spec_file' 'spectacle' 'spectacle-doc' 'spectacle-lang' 'spectator' 'spectcl' 'speech-dispatcher' 'speech-dispatcher-configure' 'speech-dispatcher-module-espeak' 'speedcrunch' 'speedtest-cli' 'speedtest-cli' 'speex' 'speex-devel' 'speexdsp-devel' 'spek' 'spek' 'spek-debuginfo' 'spek-debugsource' 'spek-lang' 'spew' 'spice' 'spice-gtk' 'spice-gtk-devel' 'spice-gtk-lang' 'spice-html5' 'spice-protocol-devel' 'spice-vdagent' 'spice-vdagent' 'spirv-headers' 'spirv-tools' 'spirv-tools-devel' 'splashy' 'splashy-branding-openSUSE' 'splashy-devel' 'splashy-mkinitrd' 'splashy-themes' 'splint' 'splix' 'spotify-installer' 'spotify-installer' 'spu-tools' 'spyder' 'spyder-doc' 'spyder-lang' 'spyder3' 'spyder3-doc' 'spyder3-lang' 'sqlcipher' 'sqlcipher-devel' 'sqlcipher-tcl' 'sqlite2' 'sqlite2-32bit' 'sqlite2-devel' 'sqlite3' 'sqlite3-devel' 'sqlite3-doc' 'sqlitebrowser' 'sqliteman' 'sqliteodbc' 'sqliteodbc-doc' 'squashfs' 'squid' 'squid' 'squidGuard' 'squidGuard' 'squidGuard-doc' 'squidview' 'squidview' 'squirrel' 'squirrel-devel' 'squirrel-devel-static' 'squirrel-doc' 'squirrel-examples' 'sratom' 'src_vipa' 'srecord' 'srecord-devel' 'srecord-doc' 'srm' 'srp_daemon' 'ssdeep' 'ssh-contact' 'ssh-contact-client' 'ssh-contact-service' 'sshfp' 'sshfs' 'sshguard' 'sshpass' 'ssldump' 'sslscan' 'sssd' 'sssd' 'sssd-32bit' 'sssd-ad' 'sssd-ipa' 'sssd-krb5' 'sssd-krb5-common' 'sssd-ldap' 'sssd-proxy' 'sssd-tools' 'stack' 'staging-build-key' 'stalonetray' 'stan' 'star' 'stardict' 'stardict-dic-enru-engcom' 'stardict-dic-enru-mueller7' 'stardict-sounds-wyabdcrealpeopletts' 'stardict-tools' 'starfighter' 'startup-notification-devel' 'statgrab' 'statserial' 'steam' 'steam-controller' 'steam-vr' 'steamtricks' 'steamtricks-data' 'stellarium' 'step' 'step-lang' 'stgit' 'stix-fonts' 'stix-integrals-fonts' 'stix-pua-fonts' 'stix-sizes-fonts' 'stix-variants-fonts' 'stk' 'stk-debugsource' 'stlink' 'stlink-gui' 'stm32flash' 'stockfish' 'stockfish14' 'stockfish14' 'stockfish14-debuginfo' 'stockfish16' 'stockfish16' 'stockfish16-debuginfo' 'stockfish16-debugsource' 'stockfish17' 'stockfish17' 'stockfish17-debuginfo' 'stockfish17-debugsource' 'stockfish18' 'stockfish18' 'stockfish18-debuginfo' 'stockfish18-debugsource' 'stockfish19' 'stockfish19' 'stockfish19-debuginfo' 'stockfish19-debugsource' 'stockfish20' 'stockfish20' 'stockfish20-debuginfo' 'stockfish20-debugsource' 'stoken' 'stoken-devel' 'stoken-gui' 'stonith-bladehpi' 'storage-fixup' 'storeBackup' 'stow' 'stow-doc' 'stp' 'stp-devel' 'stp-python' 'strace' 'streamripper' 'streamripper' 'streamripper-debuginfo' 'streamripper-debugsource' 'streamtuner' 'streamtuner-devel' 'streamtuner-doc' 'streamtuner2' 'streamtuner2' 'stress-ng' 'strip-nondeterminism' 'strongswan' 'strongswan-doc' 'strongswan-hmac' 'strongswan-ipsec' 'strongswan-libs0' 'strongswan-mysql' 'strongswan-nm' 'strongswan-sqlite' 'stunnel' 'stunnel' 'su-wrapper' 'submin' 'submin-apache' 'submin-svn' 'subtitleripper' 'subtitleripper' 'subtitleripper-debuginfo' 'subtitleripper-debugsource' 'subversion' 'subversion' 'subversion-bash-completion' 'subversion-devel' 'subversion-doc' 'subversion-perl' 'subversion-python' 'subversion-python-ctypes' 'subversion-ruby' 'subversion-server' 'subversion-tools' 'suck' 'sudo' 'sudo-devel' 'sudo-test' 'sudoku-sensei' 'suil' 'suil-devel' 'suil-plugins' 'suil-plugins-debuginfo' 'suitesparse-devel' 'suitesparse-devel-static' 'sundanese-unicode-fonts' 'sunpinyin-data' 'sunpinyin-devel' 'sunpinyin-tools' 'sunxi-tools' 'superlu-devel' 'supermin' 'supertux2' 'supertuxkart' 'supertuxkart-data' 'suse-build-key' 'suse-hpc' 'suse-hpc' 'suse-module-tools' 'suse-xsl-stylesheets' 'susedoc-buildbook' 'susefirewall2-to-firewalld' 'susegreeter-branding-openSUSE' 'susehelp' 'susehelp_cz' 'susehelp_de' 'susehelp_en' 'susehelp_es' 'susehelp_fr' 'susehelp_hu' 'susehelp_it' 'susepaste' 'susepaste-screenshot' 'sushi' 'sushi-lang' 'svg-schema' 'svgcleaner' 'svgcleaner-cli' 'svgpart' 'svgpart-lang' 'sview' 'sview' 'svn2git' 'svrcore-devel' 'sw_management' 'sweep' 'sweep' 'sweep-debuginfo' 'sweep-debugsource' 'sweeper' 'swell-foop' 'swell-foop-lang' 'swftools' 'swift-im' 'swiften-devel' 'swig' 'swig-doc' 'swig-examples' 'swing-layout' 'swing-layout-javadoc' 'swing-worker' 'swing-worker-demo' 'swing-worker-javadoc' 'swipl' 'sword' 'sword-devel' 'swtcalendar' 'swtchart' 'swtchart-javadoc' 'sxhkd' 'synapse' 'synapse-lang' 'syncthing' 'syncthing' 'syncthing-gtk' 'syncthing-gtk-lang' 'syndication-devel' 'synergy' 'synfig' 'synfig' 'synfig-debuginfo' 'synfig-debugsource' 'synfig-devel' 'synfig-doc' 'synfig-lang' 'synfig-modules' 'synfig-modules-debuginfo' 'synfigapp-devel' 'synfigstudio' 'synfigstudio' 'synfigstudio-debuginfo' 'synfigstudio-debugsource' 'synfigstudio-lang' 'synnefo' 'syntax-highlighting' 'syntax-highlighting-devel' 'syntax-highlighting-devel-32bit' 'sysbench' 'sysconfig' 'sysconfig-netconfig' 'sysdig' 'sysdig' 'sysdig-kmp-default' 'sysfsutils' 'sysfsutils-32bit' 'sysfsutils-devel' 'sysinfo' 'syslinux' 'syslog-ng' 'syslog-ng-curl' 'syslog-ng-devel' 'syslog-ng-geoip' 'syslog-ng-java' 'syslog-ng-python' 'syslog-ng-redis' 'syslog-ng-smtp' 'syslog-ng-sql' 'syslog-service' 'syslogd' 'sysstat' 'sysstat-isag' 'system-config-printer' 'system-config-printer-applet' 'system-config-printer-common' 'system-config-printer-common-lang' 'system-config-printer-dbus-service' 'systemd' 'systemd' 'systemd-32bit' 'systemd-bash-completion' 'systemd-devel' 'systemd-logger' 'systemd-mini' 'systemd-mini' 'systemd-mini-bash-completion' 'systemd-mini-devel' 'systemd-mini-sysvinit' 'systemd-presets-branding-openSUSE' 'systemd-rpm-macros' 'systemd-rpm-macros' 'systemd-sysvinit' 'systemd-ui' 'systemsettings5' 'systemsettings5-devel' 'systemsettings5-lang' 'systemtap' 'systemtap-docs' 'systemtap-runtime' 'systemtap-sdt-devel' 'systemtap-server' 'systester' 'sysvinit-tools' 'syzkaller' 't-prot' 't1utils' 't38modem' 'tabletpc' 'tachyon' 'tack' 'tagbanwa-fonts' 'taglib' 'taglib' 'taglib-extras-devel' 'taglib-sharp' 'taglib-sharp-devel' 'tai-heritage-pro-fonts' 'tali' 'tali-lang' 'talk' 'talk-server' 'talloc-man' 'tamago' 'tamil-gtk2im' 'tamil-gtk2im-32bit' 'tango-icon-theme' 'tanukiwrapper' 'tanukiwrapper-manual' 'tar' 'tar-backup-scripts' 'tar-lang' 'tar-tests' 'tardy' 'target-isns' 'targetcli' 'targetcli-fb' 'taskwarrior' 'tasque' 'tasque-lang' 'tbb-devel' 'tboot' 'tboot' 'tcd' 'tcl' 'tcl' 'tcl-32bit' 'tcl-brlapi' 'tcl-devel' 'tcl-rrdtool' 'tcl-tktray' 'tcl8-xapian' 'tclap' 'tclap-doc' 'tclcurl' 'tcllib' 'tclplug' 'tclplug-32bit' 'tcludp' 'tclx' 'tcmu-runner' 'tcmu-runner' 'tcmu-runner-devel' 'tcmu-runner-handler-rbd' 'tcpd' 'tcpd-devel' 'tcpdump' 'tcpdump' 'tcpflow' 'tcpreplay' 'tcptraceroute' 'tcsh' 'tcsh' 'tcsh-lang' 'tdb-tools' 'tdom' 'tdom-devel' 'tdu' 'tdu' 'tdu-debuginfo' 'tea' 'technical_writing' 'technisat-usb2-firmware' 'tecla' 'tecla-devel' 'teeworlds' 'tei-roma' 'tei-xsl-stylesheets' 'tei_4' 'telepathy-accounts-signon' 'telepathy-farstream-devel' 'telepathy-gabble' 'telepathy-gabble-xmpp-console' 'telepathy-glib-devel' 'telepathy-glib-doc' 'telepathy-haze' 'telepathy-idle' 'telepathy-kde' 'telepathy-logger' 'telepathy-logger-devel' 'telepathy-logger-qt5-devel' 'telepathy-mission-control' 'telepathy-mission-control-devel' 'telepathy-mission-control-plugin-goa' 'telepathy-phoney' 'telepathy-qt4-devel' 'telepathy-qt5-devel' 'telepathy-qt5-devel-32bit' 'telepathy-rakia' 'telepathy-rakia-devel' 'telepathy-salut' 'telepathy-sipe' 'tellico' 'tellico-lang' 'telnet' 'telnet-server' 'tennebon-dynamic-wallpaper' 'termcap' 'termcap-32bit' 'terminator' 'terminator-lang' 'terminatorX' 'terminatorX' 'terminatorX-debuginfo' 'terminatorX-debugsource' 'terminfo' 'terminfo-base' 'terminology' 'terminology-theme-dark' 'terminology-theme-misc' 'terminology-theme-openSUSE' 'terminology-theme-openSUSE-oliveleaf' 'terminology-theme-upstream' 'terminus-bitmap-fonts' 'termsyn-bitmap-fonts' 'teseq' 'tesseract' 'tesseract-data' 'tesseract-ocr' 'tesseract-ocr-devel' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-afrikaans' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-albanian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-amharic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-arabic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-assamese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-azerbaijani' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-azerbaijani_cyrillic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-basque' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-belarusian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bengali' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bosnian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bulgarian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-burmese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-catalan' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-cebuano' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-cherokee' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-chinese_simplified' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-chinese_traditional' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-croatian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-czech' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-danish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-dutch' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-dzongkha' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-english' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-english_middle' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-esperanto' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-estonian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-finnish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-frankish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-french' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-french_middle' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-galician' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-georgian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-georgian_old' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-german' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-greek' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-greek_ancient' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-gujarati' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-haitian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hebrew' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hindi' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hungarian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-icelandic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-indonese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-inuktitut' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-irish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-italian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-italian_old' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-japanese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-javanese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kannada' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kazakh' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-khmer' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-korean' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kurdish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kyrgyz' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-lao' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-latin' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-latvian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-lithuanian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-macedonian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-malay' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-malayalam' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-maltese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-marathi' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-math_equation' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-nepali' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-norwegian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-orientation_and_script_detection' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-oriya' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-pashto' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-persian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-polish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-portuguese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-punjabi' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-romanian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-russian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-sanskrit' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-serbian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-serbian_latin' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-sinhala' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-slovak' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-slovenian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-spanish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-spanish_old' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-swahili' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-swedish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-syriac' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tagalog' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tajik' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tamil' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-telugu' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-thai' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tibetan_standard' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tigrinya' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-turkish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-ukrainian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-urdu' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uyghur' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uzbek' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uzbek_cyrillic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-vietnamese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-welsh' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-yiddish' 'tesseract-server' 'testdisk' 'tetrinet-server' 'tevent-man' 'texinfo' 'texinfo4' 'texlive' 'texlive-12many' 'texlive-12many-doc' 'texlive-2up' 'texlive-2up-doc' 'texlive-Asana-Math' 'texlive-Asana-Math-doc' 'texlive-Asana-Math-fonts' 'texlive-ESIEEcv' 'texlive-ESIEEcv-doc' 'texlive-FAQ-en' 'texlive-GS1' 'texlive-GS1-doc' 'texlive-HA-prosper' 'texlive-HA-prosper-doc' 'texlive-IEEEconf' 'texlive-IEEEconf-doc' 'texlive-IEEEtran' 'texlive-IEEEtran-doc' 'texlive-MemoirChapStyles' 'texlive-SIstyle' 'texlive-SIstyle-doc' 'texlive-SIunits' 'texlive-SIunits-doc' 'texlive-Tabbing' 'texlive-Tabbing-doc' 'texlive-Type1fonts' 'texlive-a0poster' 'texlive-a0poster-doc' 'texlive-a2ping' 'texlive-a2ping-bin' 'texlive-a2ping-doc' 'texlive-a4wide' 'texlive-a4wide-doc' 'texlive-a5comb' 'texlive-a5comb-doc' 'texlive-aastex' 'texlive-aastex-doc' 'texlive-abbr' 'texlive-abbr-doc' 'texlive-abc' 'texlive-abc-doc' 'texlive-abntex2' 'texlive-abntex2-doc' 'texlive-abraces' 'texlive-abraces-doc' 'texlive-abstract' 'texlive-abstract-doc' 'texlive-abstyles' 'texlive-abstyles-doc' 'texlive-academicons' 'texlive-academicons-doc' 'texlive-academicons-fonts' 'texlive-accanthis' 'texlive-accanthis-doc' 'texlive-accanthis-fonts' 'texlive-accfonts' 'texlive-accfonts-bin' 'texlive-accfonts-doc' 'texlive-achemso' 'texlive-achemso-doc' 'texlive-acmart' 'texlive-acmart-doc' 'texlive-acmconf' 'texlive-acmconf-doc' 'texlive-acro' 'texlive-acro-doc' 'texlive-acronym' 'texlive-acronym-doc' 'texlive-acroterm' 'texlive-acroterm-doc' 'texlive-active-conf' 'texlive-active-conf-doc' 'texlive-actuarialangle' 'texlive-actuarialangle-doc' 'texlive-addlines' 'texlive-addlines-doc' 'texlive-adfathesis' 'texlive-adfathesis-doc' 'texlive-adforn' 'texlive-adforn-doc' 'texlive-adforn-fonts' 'texlive-adfsymbols' 'texlive-adfsymbols-doc' 'texlive-adfsymbols-fonts' 'texlive-adhocfilelist' 'texlive-adhocfilelist-bin' 'texlive-adhocfilelist-doc' 'texlive-adjmulticol' 'texlive-adjmulticol-doc' 'texlive-adjustbox' 'texlive-adjustbox-doc' 'texlive-adobemapping' 'texlive-adrconv' 'texlive-adrconv-doc' 'texlive-adtrees' 'texlive-adtrees-doc' 'texlive-advdate' 'texlive-advdate-doc' 'texlive-ae' 'texlive-ae-doc' 'texlive-aecc' 'texlive-aecc-doc' 'texlive-aeguill' 'texlive-aeguill-doc' 'texlive-afm2pl' 'texlive-afm2pl-bin' 'texlive-afm2pl-doc' 'texlive-afparticle' 'texlive-afparticle-doc' 'texlive-afthesis' 'texlive-afthesis-doc' 'texlive-aguplus' 'texlive-aguplus-doc' 'texlive-aiaa' 'texlive-aiaa-doc' 'texlive-aichej' 'texlive-ajl' 'texlive-akktex' 'texlive-akktex-doc' 'texlive-akletter' 'texlive-akletter-doc' 'texlive-alegreya' 'texlive-alegreya-doc' 'texlive-alegreya-fonts' 'texlive-aleph' 'texlive-aleph-bin' 'texlive-alertmessage' 'texlive-alertmessage-doc' 'texlive-alg' 'texlive-alg-doc' 'texlive-algorithm2e' 'texlive-algorithm2e-doc' 'texlive-algorithmicx' 'texlive-algorithmicx-doc' 'texlive-algorithms' 'texlive-algorithms-doc' 'texlive-allrunes' 'texlive-allrunes-doc' 'texlive-allrunes-fonts' 'texlive-almfixed' 'texlive-almfixed-doc' 'texlive-almfixed-fonts' 'texlive-alnumsec' 'texlive-alnumsec-doc' 'texlive-alterqcm' 'texlive-alterqcm-doc' 'texlive-altfont' 'texlive-altfont-doc' 'texlive-ametsoc' 'texlive-ametsoc-doc' 'texlive-amiri' 'texlive-amiri-doc' 'texlive-amiri-fonts' 'texlive-amsaddr' 'texlive-amsaddr-doc' 'texlive-amscls' 'texlive-amscls-doc' 'texlive-amsfonts' 'texlive-amsfonts-doc' 'texlive-amsfonts-fonts' 'texlive-amslatex-primer' 'texlive-amsldoc-it' 'texlive-amsldoc-vn' 'texlive-amsmath' 'texlive-amsmath-doc' 'texlive-amsmath-it' 'texlive-amsrefs' 'texlive-amsrefs-doc' 'texlive-amstex' 'texlive-amstex-bin' 'texlive-amstex-doc' 'texlive-amsthdoc-it' 'texlive-animate' 'texlive-animate-doc' 'texlive-anonchap' 'texlive-anonchap-doc' 'texlive-anonymouspro' 'texlive-anonymouspro-doc' 'texlive-anonymouspro-fonts' 'texlive-answers' 'texlive-answers-doc' 'texlive-antiqua' 'texlive-antiqua-doc' 'texlive-antiqua-fonts' 'texlive-antomega' 'texlive-antomega-doc' 'texlive-antt' 'texlive-antt-doc' 'texlive-antt-fonts' 'texlive-anufinalexam' 'texlive-anyfontsize' 'texlive-anyfontsize-doc' 'texlive-anysize' 'texlive-anysize-doc' 'texlive-aobs-tikz' 'texlive-aobs-tikz-doc' 'texlive-aomart' 'texlive-aomart-doc' 'texlive-apa' 'texlive-apa-doc' 'texlive-apa6' 'texlive-apa6-doc' 'texlive-apa6e' 'texlive-apa6e-doc' 'texlive-apacite' 'texlive-apacite-doc' 'texlive-apalike2' 'texlive-apnum' 'texlive-apnum-doc' 'texlive-appendix' 'texlive-appendix-doc' 'texlive-appendixnumberbeamer' 'texlive-appendixnumberbeamer-doc' 'texlive-apprends-latex' 'texlive-apptools' 'texlive-apptools-doc' 'texlive-arabi' 'texlive-arabi-add' 'texlive-arabi-add-doc' 'texlive-arabi-doc' 'texlive-arabi-fonts' 'texlive-arabluatex' 'texlive-arabluatex-doc' 'texlive-arabtex' 'texlive-arabtex-doc' 'texlive-arabtex-fonts' 'texlive-arabxetex' 'texlive-arabxetex-doc' 'texlive-aramaic-serto' 'texlive-aramaic-serto-doc' 'texlive-aramaic-serto-fonts' 'texlive-arara' 'texlive-arara-bin' 'texlive-arara-doc' 'texlive-archaeologie' 'texlive-archaeologie-doc' 'texlive-archaic' 'texlive-archaic-doc' 'texlive-archaic-fonts' 'texlive-arcs' 'texlive-arcs-doc' 'texlive-arev' 'texlive-arev-doc' 'texlive-arev-fonts' 'texlive-armtex' 'texlive-armtex-doc' 'texlive-armtex-fonts' 'texlive-around-the-bend' 'texlive-arphic' 'texlive-arphic-doc' 'texlive-arphic-fonts' 'texlive-arrayjobx' 'texlive-arrayjobx-doc' 'texlive-arraysort' 'texlive-arraysort-doc' 'texlive-arsclassica' 'texlive-arsclassica-doc' 'texlive-articleingud' 'texlive-articleingud-doc' 'texlive-arydshln' 'texlive-arydshln-doc' 'texlive-asaetr' 'texlive-asaetr-doc' 'texlive-asapsym' 'texlive-asapsym-doc' 'texlive-asapsym-fonts' 'texlive-ascelike' 'texlive-ascelike-doc' 'texlive-ascii-chart' 'texlive-ascii-font' 'texlive-ascii-font-doc' 'texlive-ascii-font-fonts' 'texlive-asciilist' 'texlive-asciilist-doc' 'texlive-askmaps' 'texlive-askmaps-doc' 'texlive-aspectratio' 'texlive-aspectratio-doc' 'texlive-aspectratio-fonts' 'texlive-assignment' 'texlive-assignment-doc' 'texlive-assoccnt' 'texlive-assoccnt-doc' 'texlive-astro' 'texlive-astro-doc' 'texlive-asyfig' 'texlive-asyfig-doc' 'texlive-asymptote' 'texlive-asymptote-bin' 'texlive-asymptote-by-example-zh-cn' 'texlive-asymptote-doc' 'texlive-asymptote-faq-zh-cn' 'texlive-asymptote-manual-zh-cn' 'texlive-asypictureb' 'texlive-asypictureb-doc' 'texlive-attachfile' 'texlive-attachfile-doc' 'texlive-augie' 'texlive-augie-doc' 'texlive-augie-fonts' 'texlive-auncial-new' 'texlive-auncial-new-doc' 'texlive-auncial-new-fonts' 'texlive-aurical' 'texlive-aurical-doc' 'texlive-aurical-fonts' 'texlive-authoraftertitle' 'texlive-authoraftertitle-doc' 'texlive-authorindex' 'texlive-authorindex-bin' 'texlive-authorindex-doc' 'texlive-auto-pst-pdf' 'texlive-auto-pst-pdf-doc' 'texlive-autoarea' 'texlive-autoarea-doc' 'texlive-automata' 'texlive-automata-doc' 'texlive-autonum' 'texlive-autonum-doc' 'texlive-autopdf' 'texlive-autopdf-doc' 'texlive-autosp' 'texlive-autosp-bin' 'texlive-avantgar' 'texlive-avantgar-fonts' 'texlive-avremu' 'texlive-avremu-doc' 'texlive-b1encoding' 'texlive-b1encoding-doc' 'texlive-babel' 'texlive-babel-albanian' 'texlive-babel-albanian-doc' 'texlive-babel-bahasa' 'texlive-babel-bahasa-doc' 'texlive-babel-basque' 'texlive-babel-basque-doc' 'texlive-babel-belarusian' 'texlive-babel-belarusian-doc' 'texlive-babel-bosnian' 'texlive-babel-bosnian-doc' 'texlive-babel-breton' 'texlive-babel-breton-doc' 'texlive-babel-bulgarian' 'texlive-babel-bulgarian-doc' 'texlive-babel-catalan' 'texlive-babel-catalan-doc' 'texlive-babel-croatian' 'texlive-babel-croatian-doc' 'texlive-babel-czech' 'texlive-babel-czech-doc' 'texlive-babel-danish' 'texlive-babel-danish-doc' 'texlive-babel-doc' 'texlive-babel-dutch' 'texlive-babel-dutch-doc' 'texlive-babel-english' 'texlive-babel-english-doc' 'texlive-babel-esperanto' 'texlive-babel-esperanto-doc' 'texlive-babel-estonian' 'texlive-babel-estonian-doc' 'texlive-babel-finnish' 'texlive-babel-finnish-doc' 'texlive-babel-french' 'texlive-babel-french-doc' 'texlive-babel-friulan' 'texlive-babel-friulan-doc' 'texlive-babel-galician' 'texlive-babel-galician-doc' 'texlive-babel-georgian' 'texlive-babel-georgian-doc' 'texlive-babel-german' 'texlive-babel-german-doc' 'texlive-babel-greek' 'texlive-babel-greek-doc' 'texlive-babel-hebrew' 'texlive-babel-hebrew-doc' 'texlive-babel-hungarian' 'texlive-babel-hungarian-doc' 'texlive-babel-icelandic' 'texlive-babel-icelandic-doc' 'texlive-babel-interlingua' 'texlive-babel-interlingua-doc' 'texlive-babel-irish' 'texlive-babel-irish-doc' 'texlive-babel-italian' 'texlive-babel-italian-doc' 'texlive-babel-kurmanji' 'texlive-babel-kurmanji-doc' 'texlive-babel-latin' 'texlive-babel-latin-doc' 'texlive-babel-latvian' 'texlive-babel-latvian-doc' 'texlive-babel-macedonian' 'texlive-babel-macedonian-doc' 'texlive-babel-norsk' 'texlive-babel-norsk-doc' 'texlive-babel-occitan' 'texlive-babel-occitan-doc' 'texlive-babel-piedmontese' 'texlive-babel-piedmontese-doc' 'texlive-babel-polish' 'texlive-babel-polish-doc' 'texlive-babel-portuges' 'texlive-babel-portuges-doc' 'texlive-babel-romanian' 'texlive-babel-romanian-doc' 'texlive-babel-romansh' 'texlive-babel-romansh-doc' 'texlive-babel-russian' 'texlive-babel-russian-doc' 'texlive-babel-samin' 'texlive-babel-samin-doc' 'texlive-babel-scottish' 'texlive-babel-scottish-doc' 'texlive-babel-serbian' 'texlive-babel-serbian-doc' 'texlive-babel-serbianc' 'texlive-babel-serbianc-doc' 'texlive-babel-slovak' 'texlive-babel-slovak-doc' 'texlive-babel-slovenian' 'texlive-babel-slovenian-doc' 'texlive-babel-sorbian' 'texlive-babel-sorbian-doc' 'texlive-babel-spanglish' 'texlive-babel-spanglish-doc' 'texlive-babel-spanish' 'texlive-babel-spanish-doc' 'texlive-babel-swedish' 'texlive-babel-swedish-doc' 'texlive-babel-thai' 'texlive-babel-thai-doc' 'texlive-babel-turkish' 'texlive-babel-turkish-doc' 'texlive-babel-ukrainian' 'texlive-babel-ukrainian-doc' 'texlive-babel-vietnamese' 'texlive-babel-vietnamese-doc' 'texlive-babel-welsh' 'texlive-babel-welsh-doc' 'texlive-babelbib' 'texlive-babelbib-doc' 'texlive-background' 'texlive-background-doc' 'texlive-backnaur' 'texlive-backnaur-doc' 'texlive-bagpipe' 'texlive-bagpipe-doc' 'texlive-bangorcsthesis' 'texlive-bangorcsthesis-doc' 'texlive-bangtex' 'texlive-bangtex-doc' 'texlive-bankstatement' 'texlive-bankstatement-doc' 'texlive-barcodes' 'texlive-barcodes-doc' 'texlive-bardiag' 'texlive-bardiag-doc' 'texlive-barr' 'texlive-barr-doc' 'texlive-bartel-chess-fonts' 'texlive-bartel-chess-fonts-doc' 'texlive-bashful' 'texlive-bashful-doc' 'texlive-basicarith' 'texlive-basicarith-doc' 'texlive-baskervald' 'texlive-baskervald-doc' 'texlive-baskervald-fonts' 'texlive-baskervaldx' 'texlive-baskervaldx-doc' 'texlive-baskervaldx-fonts' 'texlive-basque-book' 'texlive-basque-book-doc' 'texlive-basque-date' 'texlive-basque-date-doc' 'texlive-bbcard' 'texlive-bbcard-doc' 'texlive-bbding' 'texlive-bbding-doc' 'texlive-bbm' 'texlive-bbm-doc' 'texlive-bbm-macros' 'texlive-bbm-macros-doc' 'texlive-bbold' 'texlive-bbold-doc' 'texlive-bbold-type1' 'texlive-bbold-type1-doc' 'texlive-bbold-type1-fonts' 'texlive-bchart' 'texlive-bchart-doc' 'texlive-bclogo' 'texlive-bclogo-doc' 'texlive-beamer' 'texlive-beamer-FUBerlin' 'texlive-beamer-doc' 'texlive-beamer-tut-pt' 'texlive-beamer-verona' 'texlive-beamer-verona-doc' 'texlive-beamer2thesis' 'texlive-beamer2thesis-doc' 'texlive-beameraudience' 'texlive-beameraudience-doc' 'texlive-beamercolorthemeowl' 'texlive-beamercolorthemeowl-doc' 'texlive-beamerdarkthemes' 'texlive-beamerdarkthemes-doc' 'texlive-beamerposter' 'texlive-beamerposter-doc' 'texlive-beamersubframe' 'texlive-beamersubframe-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm' 'texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-epyt' 'texlive-beamertheme-epyt-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-metropolis' 'texlive-beamertheme-metropolis-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh' 'texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc' 'texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc-doc' 'texlive-beamerthemejltree' 'texlive-beamerthemenirma' 'texlive-beamerthemenirma-doc' 'texlive-beebe' 'texlive-begingreek' 'texlive-begingreek-doc' 'texlive-begriff' 'texlive-begriff-doc' 'texlive-belleek' 'texlive-belleek-doc' 'texlive-belleek-fonts' 'texlive-bengali' 'texlive-bengali-doc' 'texlive-bera' 'texlive-bera-doc' 'texlive-bera-fonts' 'texlive-berenisadf' 'texlive-berenisadf-doc' 'texlive-berenisadf-fonts' 'texlive-besjournals' 'texlive-besjournals-doc' 'texlive-bestpapers' 'texlive-bestpapers-doc' 'texlive-betababel' 'texlive-betababel-doc' 'texlive-beton' 'texlive-beton-doc' 'texlive-bewerbung' 'texlive-bewerbung-doc' 'texlive-bez123' 'texlive-bez123-doc' 'texlive-bezos' 'texlive-bezos-doc' 'texlive-bgreek' 'texlive-bgreek-doc' 'texlive-bgteubner' 'texlive-bgteubner-doc' 'texlive-bguq' 'texlive-bguq-doc' 'texlive-bguq-fonts' 'texlive-bhcexam' 'texlive-bhcexam-doc' 'texlive-bib-fr' 'texlive-bib-fr-doc' 'texlive-bibarts' 'texlive-bibarts-doc' 'texlive-biber' 'texlive-biber-bin' 'texlive-bibexport' 'texlive-bibexport-bin' 'texlive-bibexport-doc' 'texlive-bibhtml' 'texlive-bibhtml-doc' 'texlive-biblatex' 'texlive-biblatex-abnt' 'texlive-biblatex-abnt-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-anonymous' 'texlive-biblatex-anonymous-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-apa' 'texlive-biblatex-apa-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinother' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinother-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-bwl' 'texlive-biblatex-bwl-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-caspervector' 'texlive-biblatex-caspervector-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-chem' 'texlive-biblatex-chem-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-chicago' 'texlive-biblatex-chicago-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-dw' 'texlive-biblatex-dw-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-fiwi' 'texlive-biblatex-fiwi-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-gost' 'texlive-biblatex-gost-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-historian' 'texlive-biblatex-historian-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-ieee' 'texlive-biblatex-ieee-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-iso690' 'texlive-biblatex-iso690-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-juradiss' 'texlive-biblatex-juradiss-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw' 'texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology' 'texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-mla' 'texlive-biblatex-mla-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-morenames' 'texlive-biblatex-morenames-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm' 'texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-musuos' 'texlive-biblatex-musuos-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-nature' 'texlive-biblatex-nature-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-nejm' 'texlive-biblatex-nejm-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle' 'texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-philosophy' 'texlive-biblatex-philosophy-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-phys' 'texlive-biblatex-phys-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-publist' 'texlive-biblatex-publist-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-realauthor' 'texlive-biblatex-realauthor-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-science' 'texlive-biblatex-science-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-source-division' 'texlive-biblatex-source-division-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-subseries' 'texlive-biblatex-subseries-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal' 'texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-trad' 'texlive-biblatex-trad-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit' 'texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit-doc' 'texlive-bibleref' 'texlive-bibleref-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-french' 'texlive-bibleref-french-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-german' 'texlive-bibleref-german-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-lds' 'texlive-bibleref-lds-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-mouth' 'texlive-bibleref-mouth-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-parse' 'texlive-bibleref-parse-doc' 'texlive-bibletext' 'texlive-bibletext-doc' 'texlive-biblist' 'texlive-biblist-doc' 'texlive-bibtex' 'texlive-bibtex-bin' 'texlive-bibtex-doc' 'texlive-bibtex8' 'texlive-bibtex8-bin' 'texlive-bibtex8-doc' 'texlive-bibtexperllibs' 'texlive-bibtexperllibs-doc' 'texlive-bibtexu' 'texlive-bibtexu-bin' 'texlive-bibtopic' 'texlive-bibtopic-doc' 'texlive-bibtopicprefix' 'texlive-bibtopicprefix-doc' 'texlive-bibunits' 'texlive-bibunits-doc' 'texlive-bidi' 'texlive-bidi-atbegshi' 'texlive-bidi-atbegshi-doc' 'texlive-bidi-doc' 'texlive-bidicontour' 'texlive-bidicontour-doc' 'texlive-bidihl' 'texlive-bidihl-doc' 'texlive-bidipagegrid' 'texlive-bidipagegrid-doc' 'texlive-bidipresentation' 'texlive-bidipresentation-doc' 'texlive-bidishadowtext' 'texlive-bidishadowtext-doc' 'texlive-bigfoot' 'texlive-bigfoot-doc' 'texlive-bigints' 'texlive-bigints-doc' 'texlive-bin-devel' 'texlive-binomexp' 'texlive-binomexp-doc' 'texlive-biocon' 'texlive-biocon-doc' 'texlive-bitelist' 'texlive-bitelist-doc' 'texlive-bitpattern' 'texlive-bitpattern-doc' 'texlive-bizcard' 'texlive-bizcard-doc' 'texlive-blacklettert1' 'texlive-blacklettert1-doc' 'texlive-blindtext' 'texlive-blindtext-doc' 'texlive-blkarray' 'texlive-blkarray-doc' 'texlive-blochsphere' 'texlive-blochsphere-doc' 'texlive-block' 'texlive-block-doc' 'texlive-blockdraw_mp' 'texlive-blockdraw_mp-doc' 'texlive-bloques' 'texlive-bloques-doc' 'texlive-blox' 'texlive-blox-doc' 'texlive-bnumexpr' 'texlive-bnumexpr-doc' 'texlive-bodegraph' 'texlive-bodegraph-doc' 'texlive-bohr' 'texlive-bohr-doc' 'texlive-boisik' 'texlive-boisik-doc' 'texlive-boites' 'texlive-boites-doc' 'texlive-bold-extra' 'texlive-bold-extra-doc' 'texlive-boldtensors' 'texlive-boldtensors-doc' 'texlive-bondgraph' 'texlive-bondgraph-doc' 'texlive-bondgraphs' 'texlive-bondgraphs-doc' 'texlive-bookcover' 'texlive-bookcover-doc' 'texlive-bookdb' 'texlive-bookdb-doc' 'texlive-bookest' 'texlive-bookest-doc' 'texlive-bookhands' 'texlive-bookhands-doc' 'texlive-bookhands-fonts' 'texlive-booklet' 'texlive-booklet-doc' 'texlive-bookman' 'texlive-bookman-fonts' 'texlive-booktabs' 'texlive-booktabs-de' 'texlive-booktabs-doc' 'texlive-booktabs-fr' 'texlive-boolexpr' 'texlive-boolexpr-doc' 'texlive-boondox' 'texlive-boondox-doc' 'texlive-boondox-fonts' 'texlive-bophook' 'texlive-bophook-doc' 'texlive-borceux' 'texlive-borceux-doc' 'texlive-bosisio' 'texlive-bosisio-doc' 'texlive-boxedminipage' 'texlive-boxedminipage-doc' 'texlive-boxedminipage2e' 'texlive-boxedminipage2e-doc' 'texlive-boxhandler' 'texlive-boxhandler-doc' 'texlive-bpchem' 'texlive-bpchem-doc' 'texlive-bpolynomial' 'texlive-bpolynomial-doc' 'texlive-br-lex' 'texlive-br-lex-doc' 'texlive-bracketkey' 'texlive-bracketkey-doc' 'texlive-braids' 'texlive-braids-doc' 'texlive-braille' 'texlive-braille-doc' 'texlive-braket' 'texlive-braket-doc' 'texlive-brandeis-dissertation' 'texlive-brandeis-dissertation-doc' 'texlive-breakcites' 'texlive-breakcites-doc' 'texlive-breakurl' 'texlive-breakurl-doc' 'texlive-breqn' 'texlive-breqn-doc' 'texlive-bropd' 'texlive-bropd-doc' 'texlive-brushscr' 'texlive-brushscr-doc' 'texlive-brushscr-fonts' 'texlive-bullcntr' 'texlive-bullcntr-doc' 'texlive-bundledoc' 'texlive-bundledoc-bin' 'texlive-bundledoc-doc' 'texlive-burmese' 'texlive-burmese-doc' 'texlive-burmese-fonts' 'texlive-bussproofs' 'texlive-bussproofs-doc' 'texlive-bxbase' 'texlive-bxbase-doc' 'texlive-bxcjkjatype' 'texlive-bxcjkjatype-doc' 'texlive-bxdpx-beamer' 'texlive-bxdpx-beamer-doc' 'texlive-bxdvidriver' 'texlive-bxdvidriver-doc' 'texlive-bxeepic' 'texlive-bxeepic-doc' 'texlive-bxenclose' 'texlive-bxenclose-doc' 'texlive-bxjscls' 'texlive-bxjscls-doc' 'texlive-bxnewfont' 'texlive-bxnewfont-doc' 'texlive-bxpapersize' 'texlive-bxpapersize-doc' 'texlive-bxpdfver' 'texlive-bxpdfver-doc' 'texlive-bytefield' 'texlive-bytefield-doc' 'texlive-c-pascal' 'texlive-c-pascal-doc' 'texlive-c90' 'texlive-c90-doc' 'texlive-cabin' 'texlive-cabin-doc' 'texlive-cabin-fonts' 'texlive-cachepic' 'texlive-cachepic-bin' 'texlive-cachepic-doc' 'texlive-caladea' 'texlive-caladea-doc' 'texlive-caladea-fonts' 'texlive-calcage' 'texlive-calcage-doc' 'texlive-calctab' 'texlive-calctab-doc' 'texlive-calculation' 'texlive-calculation-doc' 'texlive-calculator' 'texlive-calculator-doc' 'texlive-calligra' 'texlive-calligra-doc' 'texlive-calligra-type1' 'texlive-calligra-type1-doc' 'texlive-calligra-type1-fonts' 'texlive-calrsfs' 'texlive-calrsfs-doc' 'texlive-cals' 'texlive-cals-doc' 'texlive-calxxxx-yyyy' 'texlive-calxxxx-yyyy-doc' 'texlive-cancel' 'texlive-cancel-doc' 'texlive-canoniclayout' 'texlive-canoniclayout-doc' 'texlive-cantarell' 'texlive-cantarell-doc' 'texlive-cantarell-fonts' 'texlive-capt-of' 'texlive-capt-of-doc' 'texlive-captcont' 'texlive-captcont-doc' 'texlive-captdef' 'texlive-captdef-doc' 'texlive-caption' 'texlive-caption-doc' 'texlive-carbohydrates' 'texlive-carbohydrates-doc' 'texlive-carlisle' 'texlive-carlisle-doc' 'texlive-carlito' 'texlive-carlito-doc' 'texlive-carlito-fonts' 'texlive-carolmin-ps' 'texlive-carolmin-ps-doc' 'texlive-carolmin-ps-fonts' 'texlive-cascadilla' 'texlive-cascadilla-doc' 'texlive-cases' 'texlive-cases-doc' 'texlive-casyl' 'texlive-casyl-doc' 'texlive-catchfilebetweentags' 'texlive-catchfilebetweentags-doc' 'texlive-catcodes' 'texlive-catcodes-doc' 'texlive-catechis' 'texlive-catechis-doc' 'texlive-catoptions' 'texlive-catoptions-doc' 'texlive-cbcoptic' 'texlive-cbcoptic-doc' 'texlive-cbcoptic-fonts' 'texlive-cbfonts' 'texlive-cbfonts-doc' 'texlive-cbfonts-fd' 'texlive-cbfonts-fd-doc' 'texlive-cbfonts-fonts' 'texlive-cc-pl' 'texlive-cc-pl-doc' 'texlive-cc-pl-fonts' 'texlive-ccaption' 'texlive-ccaption-doc' 'texlive-ccfonts' 'texlive-ccfonts-doc' 'texlive-ccicons' 'texlive-ccicons-doc' 'texlive-ccicons-fonts' 'texlive-cclicenses' 'texlive-cclicenses-doc' 'texlive-cd' 'texlive-cd-cover' 'texlive-cd-cover-doc' 'texlive-cd-doc' 'texlive-cdpbundl' 'texlive-cdpbundl-doc' 'texlive-cell' 'texlive-cell-doc' 'texlive-cellspace' 'texlive-cellspace-doc' 'texlive-celtic' 'texlive-celtic-doc' 'texlive-censor' 'texlive-censor-doc' 'texlive-cfr-initials' 'texlive-cfr-initials-doc' 'texlive-cfr-lm' 'texlive-cfr-lm-doc' 'texlive-changebar' 'texlive-changebar-doc' 'texlive-changelayout' 'texlive-changelayout-doc' 'texlive-changepage' 'texlive-changepage-doc' 'texlive-changes' 'texlive-changes-doc' 'texlive-chappg' 'texlive-chappg-doc' 'texlive-chapterfolder' 'texlive-chapterfolder-doc' 'texlive-charter' 'texlive-charter-doc' 'texlive-charter-fonts' 'texlive-chbibref' 'texlive-chbibref-doc' 'texlive-checkcites' 'texlive-checkcites-bin' 'texlive-checkcites-doc' 'texlive-checklistings' 'texlive-checklistings-bin' 'texlive-checklistings-doc' 'texlive-chem-journal' 'texlive-chemarrow' 'texlive-chemarrow-doc' 'texlive-chemarrow-fonts' 'texlive-chembst' 'texlive-chembst-doc' 'texlive-chemcompounds' 'texlive-chemcompounds-doc' 'texlive-chemcono' 'texlive-chemcono-doc' 'texlive-chemexec' 'texlive-chemexec-doc' 'texlive-chemfig' 'texlive-chemfig-doc' 'texlive-chemformula' 'texlive-chemformula-doc' 'texlive-chemgreek' 'texlive-chemgreek-doc' 'texlive-chemmacros' 'texlive-chemmacros-doc' 'texlive-chemnum' 'texlive-chemnum-doc' 'texlive-chemschemex' 'texlive-chemschemex-doc' 'texlive-chemstyle' 'texlive-chemstyle-doc' 'texlive-cherokee' 'texlive-cherokee-doc' 'texlive-chess' 'texlive-chess-doc' 'texlive-chess-problem-diagrams' 'texlive-chess-problem-diagrams-doc' 'texlive-chessboard' 'texlive-chessboard-doc' 'texlive-chessfss' 'texlive-chessfss-doc' 'texlive-chet' 'texlive-chet-doc' 'texlive-chextras' 'texlive-chextras-doc' 'texlive-chicago' 'texlive-chicago-annote' 'texlive-chicago-annote-doc' 'texlive-chickenize' 'texlive-chickenize-doc' 'texlive-chivo' 'texlive-chivo-doc' 'texlive-chivo-fonts' 'texlive-chkfloat' 'texlive-chkfloat-doc' 'texlive-chktex' 'texlive-chktex-bin' 'texlive-chktex-doc' 'texlive-chletter' 'texlive-chletter-doc' 'texlive-chngcntr' 'texlive-chngcntr-doc' 'texlive-chronology' 'texlive-chronology-doc' 'texlive-chronosys' 'texlive-chronosys-doc' 'texlive-chscite' 'texlive-chscite-doc' 'texlive-churchslavonic' 'texlive-churchslavonic-doc' 'texlive-cinzel' 'texlive-cinzel-doc' 'texlive-cinzel-fonts' 'texlive-circ' 'texlive-circ-doc' 'texlive-circuitikz' 'texlive-circuitikz-doc' 'texlive-cite' 'texlive-cite-doc' 'texlive-citeall' 'texlive-citeall-doc' 'texlive-cjhebrew' 'texlive-cjhebrew-doc' 'texlive-cjhebrew-fonts' 'texlive-cjk' 'texlive-cjk-doc' 'texlive-cjk-gs-integrate' 'texlive-cjk-gs-integrate-bin' 'texlive-cjk-gs-integrate-doc' 'texlive-cjk-ko' 'texlive-cjk-ko-doc' 'texlive-cjk-latex-extras' 'texlive-cjkpunct' 'texlive-cjkpunct-doc' 'texlive-cjkutils' 'texlive-cjkutils-bin' 'texlive-cjkutils-doc' 'texlive-classics' 'texlive-classics-doc' 'texlive-classicthesis' 'texlive-classicthesis-doc' 'texlive-classpack' 'texlive-classpack-doc' 'texlive-cleanthesis' 'texlive-cleanthesis-doc' 'texlive-clearsans' 'texlive-clearsans-doc' 'texlive-clearsans-fonts' 'texlive-clefval' 'texlive-clefval-doc' 'texlive-cleveref' 'texlive-cleveref-doc' 'texlive-clipboard' 'texlive-clipboard-doc' 'texlive-clock' 'texlive-clock-doc' 'texlive-cloze' 'texlive-cloze-doc' 'texlive-clrscode' 'texlive-clrscode-doc' 'texlive-clrscode3e' 'texlive-clrscode3e-doc' 'texlive-cm' 'texlive-cm-doc' 'texlive-cm-lgc' 'texlive-cm-lgc-doc' 'texlive-cm-lgc-fonts' 'texlive-cm-super' 'texlive-cm-super-doc' 'texlive-cm-super-fonts' 'texlive-cm-unicode' 'texlive-cm-unicode-doc' 'texlive-cm-unicode-fonts' 'texlive-cmap' 'texlive-cmap-doc' 'texlive-cmarrows' 'texlive-cmarrows-doc' 'texlive-cmbright' 'texlive-cmbright-doc' 'texlive-cmcyr' 'texlive-cmcyr-doc' 'texlive-cmcyr-fonts' 'texlive-cmdstring' 'texlive-cmdstring-doc' 'texlive-cmdtrack' 'texlive-cmdtrack-doc' 'texlive-cmexb' 'texlive-cmexb-doc' 'texlive-cmexb-fonts' 'texlive-cmextra' 'texlive-cmll' 'texlive-cmll-doc' 'texlive-cmll-fonts' 'texlive-cmpica' 'texlive-cmpica-doc' 'texlive-cmpj' 'texlive-cmpj-doc' 'texlive-cmsd' 'texlive-cmsd-doc' 'texlive-cmtiup' 'texlive-cmtiup-doc' 'texlive-cnbwp' 'texlive-cnbwp-doc' 'texlive-cnltx' 'texlive-cnltx-doc' 'texlive-cns' 'texlive-cns-doc' 'texlive-cntformats' 'texlive-cntformats-doc' 'texlive-cntperchap' 'texlive-cntperchap-doc' 'texlive-cochineal' 'texlive-cochineal-doc' 'texlive-cochineal-fonts' 'texlive-codedoc' 'texlive-codedoc-doc' 'texlive-codepage' 'texlive-codepage-doc' 'texlive-codesection' 'texlive-codesection-doc' 'texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano' 'texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano-doc' 'texlive-collcell' 'texlive-collcell-doc' 'texlive-collectbox' 'texlive-collectbox-doc' 'texlive-collection-basic' 'texlive-collection-bibtexextra' 'texlive-collection-binextra' 'texlive-collection-context' 'texlive-collection-fontsextra' 'texlive-collection-fontsrecommended' 'texlive-collection-fontutils' 'texlive-collection-formatsextra' 'texlive-collection-games' 'texlive-collection-genericextra' 'texlive-collection-genericrecommended' 'texlive-collection-htmlxml' 'texlive-collection-humanities' 'texlive-collection-langafrican' 'texlive-collection-langarabic' 'texlive-collection-langchinese' 'texlive-collection-langcjk' 'texlive-collection-langcyrillic' 'texlive-collection-langczechslovak' 'texlive-collection-langenglish' 'texlive-collection-langeuropean' 'texlive-collection-langfrench' 'texlive-collection-langgerman' 'texlive-collection-langgreek' 'texlive-collection-langindic' 'texlive-collection-langitalian' 'texlive-collection-langjapanese' 'texlive-collection-langkorean' 'texlive-collection-langother' 'texlive-collection-langpolish' 'texlive-collection-langportuguese' 'texlive-collection-langspanish' 'texlive-collection-latex' 'texlive-collection-latexextra' 'texlive-collection-latexrecommended' 'texlive-collection-luatex' 'texlive-collection-mathextra' 'texlive-collection-metapost' 'texlive-collection-music' 'texlive-collection-omega' 'texlive-collection-pictures' 'texlive-collection-plainextra' 'texlive-collection-pstricks' 'texlive-collection-publishers' 'texlive-collection-science' 'texlive-collection-xetex' 'texlive-collref' 'texlive-collref-doc' 'texlive-colordoc' 'texlive-colordoc-doc' 'texlive-colorinfo' 'texlive-colorinfo-doc' 'texlive-coloring' 'texlive-coloring-doc' 'texlive-colorsep' 'texlive-colorspace' 'texlive-colorspace-doc' 'texlive-colortab' 'texlive-colortab-doc' 'texlive-colortbl' 'texlive-colortbl-doc' 'texlive-colorwav' 'texlive-colorwav-doc' 'texlive-colorweb' 'texlive-colorweb-doc' 'texlive-colourchange' 'texlive-colourchange-doc' 'texlive-combelow' 'texlive-combelow-doc' 'texlive-combine' 'texlive-combine-doc' 'texlive-combinedgraphics' 'texlive-combinedgraphics-doc' 'texlive-comfortaa' 'texlive-comfortaa-doc' 'texlive-comfortaa-fonts' 'texlive-comicneue' 'texlive-comicneue-doc' 'texlive-comicneue-fonts' 'texlive-comma' 'texlive-comma-doc' 'texlive-commado' 'texlive-commado-doc' 'texlive-commath' 'texlive-commath-doc' 'texlive-comment' 'texlive-comment-doc' 'texlive-compactbib' 'texlive-complexity' 'texlive-complexity-doc' 'texlive-components-of-TeX' 'texlive-comprehensive' 'texlive-computational-complexity' 'texlive-computational-complexity-doc' 'texlive-concepts' 'texlive-concepts-doc' 'texlive-concmath' 'texlive-concmath-doc' 'texlive-concmath-fonts' 'texlive-concmath-fonts-doc' 'texlive-concprog' 'texlive-concprog-doc' 'texlive-concrete' 'texlive-concrete-doc' 'texlive-confproc' 'texlive-confproc-doc' 'texlive-constants' 'texlive-constants-doc' 'texlive-conteq' 'texlive-conteq-doc' 'texlive-context' 'texlive-context-account' 'texlive-context-account-doc' 'texlive-context-algorithmic' 'texlive-context-animation' 'texlive-context-animation-doc' 'texlive-context-annotation' 'texlive-context-annotation-doc' 'texlive-context-bin' 'texlive-context-bnf' 'texlive-context-bnf-doc' 'texlive-context-chromato' 'texlive-context-chromato-doc' 'texlive-context-construction-plan' 'texlive-context-construction-plan-doc' 'texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers' 'texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers-doc' 'texlive-context-degrade' 'texlive-context-degrade-doc' 'texlive-context-doc' 'texlive-context-fancybreak' 'texlive-context-fancybreak-doc' 'texlive-context-filter' 'texlive-context-filter-doc' 'texlive-context-fixme' 'texlive-context-fonts' 'texlive-context-french' 'texlive-context-french-doc' 'texlive-context-fullpage' 'texlive-context-fullpage-doc' 'texlive-context-games' 'texlive-context-games-doc' 'texlive-context-gantt' 'texlive-context-gantt-doc' 'texlive-context-gnuplot' 'texlive-context-gnuplot-doc' 'texlive-context-letter' 'texlive-context-letter-doc' 'texlive-context-lettrine' 'texlive-context-lettrine-doc' 'texlive-context-lilypond' 'texlive-context-lilypond-doc' 'texlive-context-mathsets' 'texlive-context-mathsets-doc' 'texlive-context-notes-zh-cn' 'texlive-context-rst' 'texlive-context-rst-doc' 'texlive-context-ruby' 'texlive-context-ruby-doc' 'texlive-context-simplefonts' 'texlive-context-simplefonts-doc' 'texlive-context-simpleslides' 'texlive-context-simpleslides-doc' 'texlive-context-title' 'texlive-context-title-doc' 'texlive-context-transliterator' 'texlive-context-transliterator-doc' 'texlive-context-typearea' 'texlive-context-typearea-doc' 'texlive-context-typescripts' 'texlive-context-typescripts-doc' 'texlive-context-vim' 'texlive-context-vim-doc' 'texlive-context-visualcounter' 'texlive-context-visualcounter-doc' 'texlive-continue' 'texlive-continue-doc' 'texlive-contour' 'texlive-contour-doc' 'texlive-contracard' 'texlive-contracard-doc' 'texlive-convbkmk' 'texlive-convbkmk-bin' 'texlive-convbkmk-doc' 'texlive-cooking' 'texlive-cooking-doc' 'texlive-cookingsymbols' 'texlive-cookingsymbols-doc' 'texlive-cool' 'texlive-cool-doc' 'texlive-coollist' 'texlive-coollist-doc' 'texlive-coolstr' 'texlive-coolstr-doc' 'texlive-coolthms' 'texlive-coolthms-doc' 'texlive-cooltooltips' 'texlive-cooltooltips-doc' 'texlive-coordsys' 'texlive-coordsys-doc' 'texlive-copyedit' 'texlive-copyedit-doc' 'texlive-copyrightbox' 'texlive-copyrightbox-doc' 'texlive-coseoul' 'texlive-coseoul-doc' 'texlive-countriesofeurope' 'texlive-countriesofeurope-doc' 'texlive-countriesofeurope-fonts' 'texlive-counttexruns' 'texlive-counttexruns-doc' 'texlive-courier' 'texlive-courier-fonts' 'texlive-courier-scaled' 'texlive-courier-scaled-doc' 'texlive-courseoutline' 'texlive-courseoutline-doc' 'texlive-coursepaper' 'texlive-coursepaper-doc' 'texlive-coverpage' 'texlive-coverpage-doc' 'texlive-covington' 'texlive-covington-doc' 'texlive-cprotect' 'texlive-cprotect-doc' 'texlive-crbox' 'texlive-crbox-doc' 'texlive-crimson' 'texlive-crimson-doc' 'texlive-crimson-fonts' 'texlive-crop' 'texlive-crop-doc' 'texlive-crossreference' 'texlive-crossreference-doc' 'texlive-crossrefware' 'texlive-crossrefware-bin' 'texlive-crossrefware-doc' 'texlive-crossword' 'texlive-crossword-doc' 'texlive-crosswrd' 'texlive-crosswrd-doc' 'texlive-cryptocode' 'texlive-cryptocode-doc' 'texlive-cryst' 'texlive-cryst-doc' 'texlive-cryst-fonts' 'texlive-cs' 'texlive-cs-fonts' 'texlive-csbulletin' 'texlive-csbulletin-doc' 'texlive-cslatex' 'texlive-cslatex-bin' 'texlive-csplain' 'texlive-csplain-bin' 'texlive-csquotes' 'texlive-csquotes-de' 'texlive-csquotes-doc' 'texlive-cstex' 'texlive-csvsimple' 'texlive-csvsimple-doc' 'texlive-ctable' 'texlive-ctable-doc' 'texlive-ctablestack' 'texlive-ctablestack-doc' 'texlive-ctan_chk' 'texlive-ctanify' 'texlive-ctanify-bin' 'texlive-ctanify-doc' 'texlive-ctanupload' 'texlive-ctanupload-bin' 'texlive-ctanupload-doc' 'texlive-ctex' 'texlive-ctex-doc' 'texlive-ctex-faq' 'texlive-ctib' 'texlive-ctib-doc' 'texlive-ctie' 'texlive-ctie-bin' 'texlive-cuisine' 'texlive-cuisine-doc' 'texlive-currfile' 'texlive-currfile-doc' 'texlive-currvita' 'texlive-currvita-doc' 'texlive-cursolatex' 'texlive-curve' 'texlive-curve-doc' 'texlive-curve2e' 'texlive-curve2e-doc' 'texlive-curves' 'texlive-curves-doc' 'texlive-custom-bib' 'texlive-custom-bib-doc' 'texlive-cutwin' 'texlive-cutwin-doc' 'texlive-cv' 'texlive-cv-doc' 'texlive-cv4tw' 'texlive-cv4tw-doc' 'texlive-cweb' 'texlive-cweb-bin' 'texlive-cweb-doc' 'texlive-cweb-latex' 'texlive-cweb-latex-doc' 'texlive-cyber' 'texlive-cyber-doc' 'texlive-cybercic' 'texlive-cybercic-doc' 'texlive-cyklop' 'texlive-cyklop-doc' 'texlive-cyklop-fonts' 'texlive-cyrillic' 'texlive-cyrillic-bin' 'texlive-cyrillic-bin-bin' 'texlive-cyrillic-bin-doc' 'texlive-cyrillic-doc' 'texlive-cyrplain' 'texlive-dad' 'texlive-dad-doc' 'texlive-dad-fonts' 'texlive-dancers' 'texlive-dantelogo' 'texlive-dantelogo-doc' 'texlive-dantelogo-fonts' 'texlive-dashbox' 'texlive-dashbox-doc' 'texlive-dashrule' 'texlive-dashrule-doc' 'texlive-dashundergaps' 'texlive-dashundergaps-doc' 'texlive-dataref' 'texlive-dataref-doc' 'texlive-datatool' 'texlive-datatool-doc' 'texlive-dateiliste' 'texlive-dateiliste-doc' 'texlive-datenumber' 'texlive-datenumber-doc' 'texlive-datetime' 'texlive-datetime-doc' 'texlive-datetime2' 'texlive-datetime2-bahasai' 'texlive-datetime2-bahasai-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-basque' 'texlive-datetime2-basque-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-breton' 'texlive-datetime2-breton-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-bulgarian' 'texlive-datetime2-bulgarian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-catalan' 'texlive-datetime2-catalan-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-croatian' 'texlive-datetime2-croatian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-czech' 'texlive-datetime2-czech-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-danish' 'texlive-datetime2-danish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-dutch' 'texlive-datetime2-dutch-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext' 'texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-english' 'texlive-datetime2-english-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-esperanto' 'texlive-datetime2-esperanto-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-estonian' 'texlive-datetime2-estonian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-finnish' 'texlive-datetime2-finnish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-french' 'texlive-datetime2-french-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-galician' 'texlive-datetime2-galician-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-german' 'texlive-datetime2-german-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-greek' 'texlive-datetime2-greek-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-hebrew' 'texlive-datetime2-hebrew-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-icelandic' 'texlive-datetime2-icelandic-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-irish' 'texlive-datetime2-irish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext' 'texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-italian' 'texlive-datetime2-italian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-latin' 'texlive-datetime2-latin-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-lsorbian' 'texlive-datetime2-lsorbian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-magyar' 'texlive-datetime2-magyar-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-norsk' 'texlive-datetime2-norsk-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-polish' 'texlive-datetime2-polish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-portuges' 'texlive-datetime2-portuges-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-romanian' 'texlive-datetime2-romanian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-russian' 'texlive-datetime2-russian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-samin' 'texlive-datetime2-samin-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-scottish' 'texlive-datetime2-scottish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-serbian' 'texlive-datetime2-serbian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-slovak' 'texlive-datetime2-slovak-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-slovene' 'texlive-datetime2-slovene-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-spanish' 'texlive-datetime2-spanish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-swedish' 'texlive-datetime2-swedish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-turkish' 'texlive-datetime2-turkish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-ukrainian' 'texlive-datetime2-ukrainian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-usorbian' 'texlive-datetime2-usorbian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-welsh' 'texlive-datetime2-welsh-doc' 'texlive-dblfloatfix' 'texlive-dblfloatfix-doc' 'texlive-dccpaper' 'texlive-dccpaper-doc' 'texlive-dcpic' 'texlive-dcpic-doc' 'texlive-de-macro' 'texlive-de-macro-bin' 'texlive-de-macro-doc' 'texlive-decimal' 'texlive-decimal-doc' 'texlive-decorule' 'texlive-decorule-doc' 'texlive-dehyph-exptl' 'texlive-dehyph-exptl-doc' 'texlive-dejavu' 'texlive-dejavu-doc' 'texlive-dejavu-fonts' 'texlive-delim' 'texlive-delim-doc' 'texlive-delimseasy' 'texlive-delimseasy-doc' 'texlive-delimtxt' 'texlive-delimtxt-doc' 'texlive-denisbdoc' 'texlive-denisbdoc-doc' 'texlive-detex' 'texlive-detex-bin' 'texlive-devel' 'texlive-devnag' 'texlive-devnag-bin' 'texlive-dhua' 'texlive-dhua-doc' 'texlive-diadia' 'texlive-diadia-bin' 'texlive-diadia-doc' 'texlive-diagbox' 'texlive-diagbox-doc' 'texlive-diagmac2' 'texlive-diagmac2-doc' 'texlive-diagnose' 'texlive-diagnose-doc' 'texlive-dialogl' 'texlive-dialogl-doc' 'texlive-dice' 'texlive-dice-doc' 'texlive-dichokey' 'texlive-dichokey-doc' 'texlive-dickimaw' 'texlive-dictsym' 'texlive-dictsym-doc' 'texlive-dictsym-fonts' 'texlive-digiconfigs' 'texlive-digiconfigs-doc' 'texlive-din1505' 'texlive-din1505-doc' 'texlive-dinat' 'texlive-dinat-doc' 'texlive-dinbrief' 'texlive-dinbrief-doc' 'texlive-dingbat' 'texlive-dingbat-doc' 'texlive-directory' 'texlive-directory-doc' 'texlive-dirtree' 'texlive-dirtree-doc' 'texlive-dirtytalk' 'texlive-dirtytalk-doc' 'texlive-disser' 'texlive-disser-doc' 'texlive-dithesis' 'texlive-dithesis-doc' 'texlive-dk-bib' 'texlive-dk-bib-doc' 'texlive-dlfltxb' 'texlive-dlfltxb-doc' 'texlive-dnaseq' 'texlive-dnaseq-doc' 'texlive-dnp' 'texlive-doc-pictex' 'texlive-docbytex' 'texlive-docbytex-doc' 'texlive-doclicense' 'texlive-doclicense-doc' 'texlive-docmfp' 'texlive-docmfp-doc' 'texlive-docmute' 'texlive-docmute-doc' 'texlive-doctools' 'texlive-doctools-doc' 'texlive-documentation' 'texlive-documentation-doc' 'texlive-doi' 'texlive-doi-doc' 'texlive-doipubmed' 'texlive-doipubmed-doc' 'texlive-dosepsbin' 'texlive-dosepsbin-bin' 'texlive-dosepsbin-doc' 'texlive-dot2texi' 'texlive-dot2texi-doc' 'texlive-dotarrow' 'texlive-dotarrow-doc' 'texlive-dotseqn' 'texlive-dotseqn-doc' 'texlive-dottex' 'texlive-dottex-doc' 'texlive-doublestroke' 'texlive-doublestroke-doc' 'texlive-doublestroke-fonts' 'texlive-dowith' 'texlive-dowith-doc' 'texlive-download' 'texlive-download-doc' 'texlive-dox' 'texlive-dox-doc' 'texlive-dozenal' 'texlive-dozenal-doc' 'texlive-dozenal-fonts' 'texlive-dpfloat' 'texlive-dpfloat-doc' 'texlive-dprogress' 'texlive-dprogress-doc' 'texlive-drac' 'texlive-drac-doc' 'texlive-draftcopy' 'texlive-draftcopy-doc' 'texlive-draftwatermark' 'texlive-draftwatermark-doc' 'texlive-dramatist' 'texlive-dramatist-doc' 'texlive-dratex' 'texlive-dratex-doc' 'texlive-drawmatrix' 'texlive-drawmatrix-doc' 'texlive-drawstack' 'texlive-drawstack-doc' 'texlive-drm' 'texlive-drm-doc' 'texlive-drm-fonts' 'texlive-droid' 'texlive-droid-doc' 'texlive-droid-fonts' 'texlive-droit-fr' 'texlive-droit-fr-doc' 'texlive-drs' 'texlive-drs-doc' 'texlive-drv' 'texlive-drv-doc' 'texlive-dsptricks' 'texlive-dsptricks-doc' 'texlive-dtk' 'texlive-dtk-doc' 'texlive-dtl' 'texlive-dtl-bin' 'texlive-dtxgallery' 'texlive-dtxgallery-doc' 'texlive-dtxgen' 'texlive-dtxgen-bin' 'texlive-dtxgen-doc' 'texlive-dtxtut' 'texlive-duerer' 'texlive-duerer-doc' 'texlive-duerer-latex' 'texlive-duerer-latex-doc' 'texlive-duotenzor' 'texlive-duotenzor-doc' 'texlive-dutchcal' 'texlive-dutchcal-doc' 'texlive-dutchcal-fonts' 'texlive-dvdcoll' 'texlive-dvdcoll-doc' 'texlive-dvgloss' 'texlive-dvgloss-doc' 'texlive-dviasm' 'texlive-dviasm-bin' 'texlive-dviasm-doc' 'texlive-dvicopy' 'texlive-dvicopy-bin' 'texlive-dvidvi' 'texlive-dvidvi-bin' 'texlive-dviincl' 'texlive-dviincl-doc' 'texlive-dviljk' 'texlive-dviljk-bin' 'texlive-dvipdfmx' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-bin' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-def' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-def-doc' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-doc' 'texlive-dvipng' 'texlive-dvipng-bin' 'texlive-dvipos' 'texlive-dvipos-bin' 'texlive-dvips' 'texlive-dvips-bin' 'texlive-dvips-doc' 'texlive-dvipsconfig' 'texlive-dvisvgm' 'texlive-dvisvgm-bin' 'texlive-dvisvgm-def' 'texlive-dvisvgm-def-doc' 'texlive-dynamicnumber' 'texlive-dynamicnumber-doc' 'texlive-dynblocks' 'texlive-dynblocks-doc' 'texlive-dyntree' 'texlive-dyntree-doc' 'texlive-e-french' 'texlive-e-french-doc' 'texlive-ean' 'texlive-ean-doc' 'texlive-ean13isbn' 'texlive-ean13isbn-doc' 'texlive-easy' 'texlive-easy-doc' 'texlive-easy-todo' 'texlive-easy-todo-doc' 'texlive-easyfig' 'texlive-easyfig-doc' 'texlive-easylist' 'texlive-easylist-doc' 'texlive-easyreview' 'texlive-easyreview-doc' 'texlive-ebezier' 'texlive-ebezier-doc' 'texlive-ebgaramond' 'texlive-ebgaramond-doc' 'texlive-ebgaramond-fonts' 'texlive-ebgaramond-maths' 'texlive-ebgaramond-maths-doc' 'texlive-ebong' 'texlive-ebong-bin' 'texlive-ebong-doc' 'texlive-ebook' 'texlive-ebook-doc' 'texlive-ebproof' 'texlive-ebproof-doc' 'texlive-ebsthesis' 'texlive-ebsthesis-doc' 'texlive-ec' 'texlive-ec-doc' 'texlive-ecc' 'texlive-ecc-doc' 'texlive-ecclesiastic' 'texlive-ecclesiastic-doc' 'texlive-ecltree' 'texlive-ecltree-doc' 'texlive-eco' 'texlive-eco-doc' 'texlive-ecobiblatex' 'texlive-ecobiblatex-doc' 'texlive-econometrics' 'texlive-econometrics-doc' 'texlive-economic' 'texlive-economic-doc' 'texlive-ecv' 'texlive-ecv-doc' 'texlive-ed' 'texlive-ed-doc' 'texlive-edfnotes' 'texlive-edfnotes-doc' 'texlive-edmac' 'texlive-edmac-doc' 'texlive-edmargin' 'texlive-edmargin-doc' 'texlive-ednotes' 'texlive-ednotes-doc' 'texlive-eemeir' 'texlive-eemeir-doc' 'texlive-eepic' 'texlive-eepic-doc' 'texlive-efbox' 'texlive-efbox-doc' 'texlive-egameps' 'texlive-egameps-doc' 'texlive-egplot' 'texlive-egplot-doc' 'texlive-eiad' 'texlive-eiad-doc' 'texlive-eiad-ltx' 'texlive-eiad-ltx-doc' 'texlive-eijkhout' 'texlive-einfuehrung' 'texlive-einfuehrung2' 'texlive-ejpecp' 'texlive-ejpecp-doc' 'texlive-ekaia' 'texlive-ekaia-doc' 'texlive-elbioimp' 'texlive-elbioimp-doc' 'texlive-electrum' 'texlive-electrum-doc' 'texlive-electrum-fonts' 'texlive-eledform' 'texlive-eledform-doc' 'texlive-eledmac' 'texlive-eledmac-doc' 'texlive-elements' 'texlive-elements-doc' 'texlive-ellipse' 'texlive-ellipse-doc' 'texlive-ellipsis' 'texlive-ellipsis-doc' 'texlive-elmath' 'texlive-elmath-doc' 'texlive-elocalloc' 'texlive-elocalloc-doc' 'texlive-elpres' 'texlive-elpres-doc' 'texlive-elsarticle' 'texlive-elsarticle-doc' 'texlive-elteikthesis' 'texlive-elteikthesis-doc' 'texlive-eltex' 'texlive-eltex-doc' 'texlive-elvish' 'texlive-elvish-doc' 'texlive-elzcards' 'texlive-elzcards-doc' 'texlive-emarks' 'texlive-emarks-doc' 'texlive-embedall' 'texlive-embedall-doc' 'texlive-embrac' 'texlive-embrac-doc' 'texlive-emisa' 'texlive-emisa-doc' 'texlive-emp' 'texlive-emp-doc' 'texlive-emptypage' 'texlive-emptypage-doc' 'texlive-emulateapj' 'texlive-emulateapj-doc' 'texlive-enctex' 'texlive-enctex-doc' 'texlive-encxvlna' 'texlive-encxvlna-doc' 'texlive-endfloat' 'texlive-endfloat-doc' 'texlive-endheads' 'texlive-endheads-doc' 'texlive-endiagram' 'texlive-endiagram-doc' 'texlive-endnotes' 'texlive-endnotes-doc' 'texlive-engpron' 'texlive-engpron-doc' 'texlive-engrec' 'texlive-engrec-doc' 'texlive-engtlc' 'texlive-engtlc-doc' 'texlive-enigma' 'texlive-enigma-doc' 'texlive-enotez' 'texlive-enotez-doc' 'texlive-enumitem' 'texlive-enumitem-doc' 'texlive-enumitem-zref' 'texlive-enumitem-zref-doc' 'texlive-envbig' 'texlive-envbig-doc' 'texlive-environ' 'texlive-environ-doc' 'texlive-envlab' 'texlive-envlab-doc' 'texlive-epigrafica' 'texlive-epigrafica-doc' 'texlive-epigrafica-fonts' 'texlive-epigram' 'texlive-epigraph' 'texlive-epigraph-doc' 'texlive-epiolmec' 'texlive-epiolmec-doc' 'texlive-epiolmec-fonts' 'texlive-eplain' 'texlive-eplain-bin' 'texlive-eplain-doc' 'texlive-epsdice' 'texlive-epsdice-doc' 'texlive-epsf' 'texlive-epsf-doc' 'texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx' 'texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx-doc' 'texlive-epsincl' 'texlive-epsincl-doc' 'texlive-epslatex-fr' 'texlive-epspdf' 'texlive-epspdf-bin' 'texlive-epspdf-doc' 'texlive-epspdfconversion' 'texlive-epspdfconversion-doc' 'texlive-epstopdf' 'texlive-epstopdf-bin' 'texlive-epstopdf-doc' 'texlive-eqell' 'texlive-eqell-doc' 'texlive-eqlist' 'texlive-eqlist-doc' 'texlive-eqname' 'texlive-eqnarray' 'texlive-eqnarray-doc' 'texlive-eqparbox' 'texlive-eqparbox-doc' 'texlive-erdc' 'texlive-erdc-doc' 'texlive-erewhon' 'texlive-erewhon-doc' 'texlive-erewhon-fonts' 'texlive-errata' 'texlive-errata-doc' 'texlive-es-tex-faq' 'texlive-esami' 'texlive-esami-doc' 'texlive-esdiff' 'texlive-esdiff-doc' 'texlive-esint' 'texlive-esint-doc' 'texlive-esint-type1' 'texlive-esint-type1-doc' 'texlive-esint-type1-fonts' 'texlive-esk' 'texlive-esk-doc' 'texlive-eskd' 'texlive-eskd-doc' 'texlive-eskdx' 'texlive-eskdx-doc' 'texlive-eso-pic' 'texlive-eso-pic-doc' 'texlive-esrelation' 'texlive-esrelation-doc' 'texlive-esrelation-fonts' 'texlive-esstix' 'texlive-esstix-doc' 'texlive-esstix-fonts' 'texlive-estcpmm' 'texlive-estcpmm-doc' 'texlive-esvect' 'texlive-esvect-doc' 'texlive-esvect-fonts' 'texlive-etaremune' 'texlive-etaremune-doc' 'texlive-etdipa' 'texlive-etex' 'texlive-etex-doc' 'texlive-etex-pkg' 'texlive-etex-pkg-doc' 'texlive-etextools' 'texlive-etextools-doc' 'texlive-ethiop' 'texlive-ethiop-doc' 'texlive-ethiop-t1' 'texlive-ethiop-t1-doc' 'texlive-ethiop-t1-fonts' 'texlive-etoc' 'texlive-etoc-doc' 'texlive-etoolbox' 'texlive-etoolbox-de' 'texlive-etoolbox-doc' 'texlive-euenc' 'texlive-euenc-doc' 'texlive-eukdate' 'texlive-eukdate-doc' 'texlive-euler' 'texlive-euler-doc' 'texlive-eulervm' 'texlive-eulervm-doc' 'texlive-euro' 'texlive-euro-ce' 'texlive-euro-ce-doc' 'texlive-euro-doc' 'texlive-europasscv' 'texlive-europasscv-doc' 'texlive-europecv' 'texlive-europecv-doc' 'texlive-eurosym' 'texlive-eurosym-doc' 'texlive-eurosym-fonts' 'texlive-euxm' 'texlive-everyhook' 'texlive-everyhook-doc' 'texlive-everypage' 'texlive-everypage-doc' 'texlive-exam' 'texlive-exam-doc' 'texlive-exam-n' 'texlive-exam-n-doc' 'texlive-examdesign' 'texlive-examdesign-doc' 'texlive-example' 'texlive-examplep' 'texlive-examplep-doc' 'texlive-exceltex' 'texlive-exceltex-bin' 'texlive-exceltex-doc' 'texlive-excludeonly' 'texlive-excludeonly-doc' 'texlive-exercise' 'texlive-exercise-doc' 'texlive-exercises' 'texlive-exercises-doc' 'texlive-exp-testopt' 'texlive-exp-testopt-doc' 'texlive-expdlist' 'texlive-expdlist-doc' 'texlive-expex' 'texlive-expex-doc' 'texlive-export' 'texlive-export-doc' 'texlive-expressg' 'texlive-expressg-doc' 'texlive-exsheets' 'texlive-exsheets-doc' 'texlive-exsol' 'texlive-exsol-doc' 'texlive-extarrows' 'texlive-extarrows-doc' 'texlive-exteps' 'texlive-exteps-doc' 'texlive-extpfeil' 'texlive-extpfeil-doc' 'texlive-extract' 'texlive-extract-doc' 'texlive-extratools' 'texlive-extsizes' 'texlive-extsizes-doc' 'texlive-facsimile' 'texlive-facsimile-doc' 'texlive-factura' 'texlive-factura-doc' 'texlive-facture' 'texlive-facture-doc' 'texlive-faktor' 'texlive-faktor-doc' 'texlive-fancybox' 'texlive-fancybox-doc' 'texlive-fancyhdr' 'texlive-fancyhdr-doc' 'texlive-fancyhdr-it' 'texlive-fancylabel' 'texlive-fancylabel-doc' 'texlive-fancynum' 'texlive-fancynum-doc' 'texlive-fancypar' 'texlive-fancypar-doc' 'texlive-fancyref' 'texlive-fancyref-doc' 'texlive-fancyslides' 'texlive-fancyslides-doc' 'texlive-fancytabs' 'texlive-fancytabs-doc' 'texlive-fancytooltips' 'texlive-fancytooltips-doc' 'texlive-fancyvrb' 'texlive-fancyvrb-doc' 'texlive-fandol' 'texlive-fandol-doc' 'texlive-fandol-fonts' 'texlive-fast-diagram' 'texlive-fast-diagram-doc' 'texlive-fbb' 'texlive-fbb-doc' 'texlive-fbb-fonts' 'texlive-fbithesis' 'texlive-fbithesis-doc' 'texlive-fbs' 'texlive-fc' 'texlive-fc-doc' 'texlive-fcavtex' 'texlive-fcavtex-doc' 'texlive-fcltxdoc' 'texlive-fcltxdoc-doc' 'texlive-fcolumn' 'texlive-fcolumn-doc' 'texlive-fdsymbol' 'texlive-fdsymbol-doc' 'texlive-fdsymbol-fonts' 'texlive-featpost' 'texlive-featpost-doc' 'texlive-fei' 'texlive-fei-doc' 'texlive-fenixpar' 'texlive-fenixpar-doc' 'texlive-fetamont' 'texlive-fetamont-doc' 'texlive-fetamont-fonts' 'texlive-feupphdteses' 'texlive-feupphdteses-doc' 'texlive-feyn' 'texlive-feyn-doc' 'texlive-feynmf' 'texlive-feynmf-doc' 'texlive-feynmp-auto' 'texlive-feynmp-auto-doc' 'texlive-ffslides' 'texlive-ffslides-doc' 'texlive-fge' 'texlive-fge-doc' 'texlive-fge-fonts' 'texlive-fibeamer' 'texlive-fibeamer-doc' 'texlive-fifinddo-info' 'texlive-fifinddo-info-doc' 'texlive-fifo-stack' 'texlive-fifo-stack-doc' 'texlive-fig4latex' 'texlive-fig4latex-bin' 'texlive-fig4latex-doc' 'texlive-figbas' 'texlive-figbas-doc' 'texlive-figbas-fonts' 'texlive-figbib' 'texlive-figbib-doc' 'texlive-figflow' 'texlive-figflow-doc' 'texlive-figsize' 'texlive-figsize-doc' 'texlive-filecontents' 'texlive-filecontents-doc' 'texlive-filedate' 'texlive-filedate-doc' 'texlive-filehook' 'texlive-filehook-doc' 'texlive-fileinfo' 'texlive-fileinfo-doc' 'texlive-filemod' 'texlive-filemod-doc' 'texlive-filesystem' 'texlive-finbib' 'texlive-findhyph' 'texlive-findhyph-bin' 'texlive-findhyph-doc' 'texlive-fink' 'texlive-fink-doc' 'texlive-finstrut' 'texlive-finstrut-doc' 'texlive-fira' 'texlive-fira-doc' 'texlive-fira-fonts' 'texlive-first-latex-doc' 'texlive-fitbox' 'texlive-fitbox-doc' 'texlive-fithesis' 'texlive-fithesis-doc' 'texlive-fix2col' 'texlive-fix2col-doc' 'texlive-fixcmex' 'texlive-fixcmex-doc' 'texlive-fixfoot' 'texlive-fixfoot-doc' 'texlive-fixlatvian' 'texlive-fixlatvian-doc' 'texlive-fixltxhyph' 'texlive-fixltxhyph-doc' 'texlive-fixme' 'texlive-fixme-doc' 'texlive-fixmetodonotes' 'texlive-fixmetodonotes-doc' 'texlive-fixpdfmag' 'texlive-fjodor' 'texlive-fjodor-doc' 'texlive-flabels' 'texlive-flabels-doc' 'texlive-flacards' 'texlive-flacards-doc' 'texlive-flagderiv' 'texlive-flagderiv-doc' 'texlive-flashcards' 'texlive-flashcards-doc' 'texlive-flashmovie' 'texlive-flashmovie-doc' 'texlive-flipbook' 'texlive-flipbook-doc' 'texlive-flippdf' 'texlive-flippdf-doc' 'texlive-float' 'texlive-float-doc' 'texlive-floatrow' 'texlive-floatrow-doc' 'texlive-flowchart' 'texlive-flowchart-doc' 'texlive-flowfram' 'texlive-flowfram-doc' 'texlive-fltpoint' 'texlive-fltpoint-doc' 'texlive-fmp' 'texlive-fmp-doc' 'texlive-fmtcount' 'texlive-fmtcount-doc' 'texlive-fn2end' 'texlive-fn2end-doc' 'texlive-fnbreak' 'texlive-fnbreak-doc' 'texlive-fncychap' 'texlive-fncychap-doc' 'texlive-fncylab' 'texlive-fncylab-doc' 'texlive-fnpara' 'texlive-fnpara-doc' 'texlive-fnpct' 'texlive-fnpct-doc' 'texlive-fntproof' 'texlive-fntproof-doc' 'texlive-fnumprint' 'texlive-fnumprint-doc' 'texlive-foekfont' 'texlive-foekfont-doc' 'texlive-foekfont-fonts' 'texlive-foilhtml' 'texlive-foilhtml-doc' 'texlive-fonetika' 'texlive-fonetika-doc' 'texlive-fonetika-fonts' 'texlive-font-change' 'texlive-font-change-doc' 'texlive-font-change-xetex' 'texlive-font-change-xetex-doc' 'texlive-fontawesome' 'texlive-fontawesome-doc' 'texlive-fontawesome-fonts' 'texlive-fontaxes' 'texlive-fontaxes-doc' 'texlive-fontbook' 'texlive-fontbook-doc' 'texlive-fontch' 'texlive-fontch-doc' 'texlive-fontinst' 'texlive-fontinst-bin' 'texlive-fontinst-doc' 'texlive-fontmfizz' 'texlive-fontmfizz-doc' 'texlive-fontmfizz-fonts' 'texlive-fontname' 'texlive-fontname-doc' 'texlive-fontools' 'texlive-fontools-bin' 'texlive-fontools-doc' 'texlive-fonts-churchslavonic' 'texlive-fonts-churchslavonic-doc' 'texlive-fonts-churchslavonic-fonts' 'texlive-fonts-tlwg' 'texlive-fonts-tlwg-doc' 'texlive-fonts-tlwg-fonts' 'texlive-fontspec' 'texlive-fontspec-doc' 'texlive-fonttable' 'texlive-fonttable-doc' 'texlive-fontware' 'texlive-fontware-bin' 'texlive-fontwrap' 'texlive-fontwrap-doc' 'texlive-footbib' 'texlive-footbib-doc' 'texlive-footmisc' 'texlive-footmisc-doc' 'texlive-footnotebackref' 'texlive-footnotebackref-doc' 'texlive-footnotehyper' 'texlive-footnotehyper-doc' 'texlive-footnoterange' 'texlive-footnoterange-doc' 'texlive-footnpag' 'texlive-footnpag-doc' 'texlive-forarray' 'texlive-forarray-doc' 'texlive-foreign' 'texlive-foreign-doc' 'texlive-forest' 'texlive-forest-doc' 'texlive-forloop' 'texlive-forloop-doc' 'texlive-formation-latex-ul' 'texlive-formlett' 'texlive-formlett-doc' 'texlive-formular' 'texlive-formular-doc' 'texlive-fouridx' 'texlive-fouridx-doc' 'texlive-fourier' 'texlive-fourier-doc' 'texlive-fourier-fonts' 'texlive-fouriernc' 'texlive-fouriernc-doc' 'texlive-fp' 'texlive-fp-doc' 'texlive-fpl' 'texlive-fpl-doc' 'texlive-fpl-fonts' 'texlive-fragmaster' 'texlive-fragmaster-bin' 'texlive-fragmaster-doc' 'texlive-fragments' 'texlive-fragments-doc' 'texlive-frame' 'texlive-frame-doc' 'texlive-framed' 'texlive-framed-doc' 'texlive-francais-bst' 'texlive-francais-bst-doc' 'texlive-frankenstein' 'texlive-frankenstein-doc' 'texlive-frcursive' 'texlive-frcursive-doc' 'texlive-frcursive-fonts' 'texlive-frege' 'texlive-frege-doc' 'texlive-frletter' 'texlive-frletter-doc' 'texlive-frontespizio' 'texlive-frontespizio-doc' 'texlive-ftcap' 'texlive-ftcap-doc' 'texlive-ftnxtra' 'texlive-ftnxtra-doc' 'texlive-fullblck' 'texlive-fullblck-doc' 'texlive-fullminipage' 'texlive-fullminipage-doc' 'texlive-fullwidth' 'texlive-fullwidth-doc' 'texlive-functan' 'texlive-functan-doc' 'texlive-fundus-calligra' 'texlive-fundus-calligra-doc' 'texlive-fundus-cyr' 'texlive-fundus-sueterlin' 'texlive-fundus-sueterlin-doc' 'texlive-fwlw' 'texlive-fwlw-doc' 'texlive-g-brief' 'texlive-g-brief-doc' 'texlive-gaceta' 'texlive-gaceta-doc' 'texlive-galois' 'texlive-galois-doc' 'texlive-gamebook' 'texlive-gamebook-doc' 'texlive-garrigues' 'texlive-garrigues-doc' 'texlive-garuda-c90' 'texlive-gastex' 'texlive-gastex-doc' 'texlive-gatech-thesis' 'texlive-gatech-thesis-doc' 'texlive-gates' 'texlive-gates-doc' 'texlive-gauss' 'texlive-gauss-doc' 'texlive-gb4e' 'texlive-gb4e-doc' 'texlive-gcard' 'texlive-gcard-doc' 'texlive-gchords' 'texlive-gchords-doc' 'texlive-gcite' 'texlive-gcite-doc' 'texlive-gender' 'texlive-gender-doc' 'texlive-gene-logic' 'texlive-gene-logic-doc' 'texlive-genealogy' 'texlive-genealogy-doc' 'texlive-genealogytree' 'texlive-genealogytree-doc' 'texlive-genmisc' 'texlive-genmpage' 'texlive-genmpage-doc' 'texlive-gentium-tug' 'texlive-gentium-tug-doc' 'texlive-gentium-tug-fonts' 'texlive-gentle' 'texlive-geometry' 'texlive-geometry-de' 'texlive-geometry-doc' 'texlive-german' 'texlive-german-doc' 'texlive-germbib' 'texlive-germbib-doc' 'texlive-germkorr' 'texlive-germkorr-doc' 'texlive-geschichtsfrkl' 'texlive-geschichtsfrkl-doc' 'texlive-getfiledate' 'texlive-getfiledate-doc' 'texlive-getitems' 'texlive-getitems-doc' 'texlive-getmap' 'texlive-getmap-bin' 'texlive-getmap-doc' 'texlive-getoptk' 'texlive-getoptk-doc' 'texlive-gfnotation' 'texlive-gfnotation-doc' 'texlive-gfsartemisia' 'texlive-gfsartemisia-doc' 'texlive-gfsartemisia-fonts' 'texlive-gfsbaskerville' 'texlive-gfsbaskerville-doc' 'texlive-gfsbaskerville-fonts' 'texlive-gfsbodoni' 'texlive-gfsbodoni-doc' 'texlive-gfsbodoni-fonts' 'texlive-gfscomplutum' 'texlive-gfscomplutum-doc' 'texlive-gfscomplutum-fonts' 'texlive-gfsdidot' 'texlive-gfsdidot-doc' 'texlive-gfsdidot-fonts' 'texlive-gfsneohellenic' 'texlive-gfsneohellenic-doc' 'texlive-gfsneohellenic-fonts' 'texlive-gfsporson' 'texlive-gfsporson-doc' 'texlive-gfsporson-fonts' 'texlive-gfssolomos' 'texlive-gfssolomos-doc' 'texlive-gfssolomos-fonts' 'texlive-ghab' 'texlive-ghab-doc' 'texlive-ghsystem' 'texlive-ghsystem-doc' 'texlive-gillcm' 'texlive-gillcm-doc' 'texlive-gillius' 'texlive-gillius-doc' 'texlive-gillius-fonts' 'texlive-gincltex' 'texlive-gincltex-doc' 'texlive-ginpenc' 'texlive-ginpenc-doc' 'texlive-gitinfo' 'texlive-gitinfo-doc' 'texlive-gitinfo2' 'texlive-gitinfo2-doc' 'texlive-gitlog' 'texlive-gitlog-doc' 'texlive-gloss' 'texlive-gloss-doc' 'texlive-gloss-occitan' 'texlive-gloss-occitan-doc' 'texlive-glossaries' 'texlive-glossaries-bin' 'texlive-glossaries-danish' 'texlive-glossaries-danish-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-dutch' 'texlive-glossaries-dutch-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-english' 'texlive-glossaries-english-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-extra' 'texlive-glossaries-extra-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-french' 'texlive-glossaries-french-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-german' 'texlive-glossaries-german-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-irish' 'texlive-glossaries-irish-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-italian' 'texlive-glossaries-italian-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-magyar' 'texlive-glossaries-magyar-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-polish' 'texlive-glossaries-polish-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-portuges' 'texlive-glossaries-portuges-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-serbian' 'texlive-glossaries-serbian-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-spanish' 'texlive-glossaries-spanish-doc' 'texlive-glyphlist' 'texlive-gmdoc' 'texlive-gmdoc-doc' 'texlive-gmdoc-enhance' 'texlive-gmdoc-enhance-doc' 'texlive-gmiflink' 'texlive-gmiflink-doc' 'texlive-gmp' 'texlive-gmp-doc' 'texlive-gmutils' 'texlive-gmutils-doc' 'texlive-gmverb' 'texlive-gmverb-doc' 'texlive-gmverse' 'texlive-gmverse-doc' 'texlive-gnu-freefont' 'texlive-gnu-freefont-doc' 'texlive-gnu-freefont-fonts' 'texlive-gnuplottex' 'texlive-gnuplottex-doc' 'texlive-go' 'texlive-go-doc' 'texlive-gobble' 'texlive-gobble-doc' 'texlive-gost' 'texlive-gost-doc' 'texlive-gothic' 'texlive-gothic-doc' 'texlive-gradientframe' 'texlive-gradientframe-doc' 'texlive-gradstudentresume' 'texlive-gradstudentresume-doc' 'texlive-grafcet' 'texlive-grafcet-doc' 'texlive-graphbox' 'texlive-graphbox-doc' 'texlive-graphics' 'texlive-graphics-cfg' 'texlive-graphics-cfg-doc' 'texlive-graphics-doc' 'texlive-graphics-pln' 'texlive-graphics-pln-doc' 'texlive-graphicx-psmin' 'texlive-graphicx-psmin-doc' 'texlive-graphicxbox' 'texlive-graphicxbox-doc' 'texlive-graphviz' 'texlive-graphviz-doc' 'texlive-greek-fontenc' 'texlive-greek-fontenc-doc' 'texlive-greek-inputenc' 'texlive-greek-inputenc-doc' 'texlive-greekdates' 'texlive-greekdates-doc' 'texlive-greektex' 'texlive-greektex-doc' 'texlive-greektonoi' 'texlive-greektonoi-doc' 'texlive-greenpoint' 'texlive-greenpoint-doc' 'texlive-gregoriotex' 'texlive-gregoriotex-bin' 'texlive-gregoriotex-doc' 'texlive-gregoriotex-fonts' 'texlive-grfpaste' 'texlive-grfpaste-doc' 'texlive-grid' 'texlive-grid-doc' 'texlive-grid-system' 'texlive-grid-system-doc' 'texlive-gridset' 'texlive-gridset-doc' 'texlive-grotesq' 'texlive-grotesq-doc' 'texlive-grotesq-fonts' 'texlive-grundgesetze' 'texlive-grundgesetze-doc' 'texlive-gsemthesis' 'texlive-gsemthesis-doc' 'texlive-gsftopk' 'texlive-gsftopk-bin' 'texlive-gsftopk-doc' 'texlive-gtl' 'texlive-gtl-doc' 'texlive-gtrcrd' 'texlive-gtrcrd-doc' 'texlive-gu' 'texlive-gu-doc' 'texlive-guide-to-latex' 'texlive-guitar' 'texlive-guitar-doc' 'texlive-guitarchordschemes' 'texlive-guitarchordschemes-doc' 'texlive-guitlogo' 'texlive-guitlogo-doc' 'texlive-gustlib' 'texlive-gustlib-doc' 'texlive-gustprog' 'texlive-gzt' 'texlive-gzt-doc' 'texlive-h2020proposal' 'texlive-h2020proposal-doc' 'texlive-hacm' 'texlive-hacm-doc' 'texlive-hacm-fonts' 'texlive-handout' 'texlive-handout-doc' 'texlive-hands' 'texlive-hang' 'texlive-hang-doc' 'texlive-hanging' 'texlive-hanging-doc' 'texlive-hanoi' 'texlive-happy4th' 'texlive-har2nat' 'texlive-har2nat-doc' 'texlive-hardwrap' 'texlive-hardwrap-doc' 'texlive-harmony' 'texlive-harmony-doc' 'texlive-harnon-cv' 'texlive-harnon-cv-doc' 'texlive-harpoon' 'texlive-harpoon-doc' 'texlive-harvard' 'texlive-harvard-doc' 'texlive-harveyballs' 'texlive-harveyballs-doc' 'texlive-harvmac' 'texlive-harvmac-doc' 'texlive-hatching' 'texlive-hatching-doc' 'texlive-hausarbeit-jura' 'texlive-hausarbeit-jura-doc' 'texlive-havannah' 'texlive-havannah-doc' 'texlive-hc' 'texlive-hc-doc' 'texlive-he-she' 'texlive-he-she-doc' 'texlive-helvetic' 'texlive-helvetic-fonts' 'texlive-hep' 'texlive-hep-doc' 'texlive-hepnames' 'texlive-hepnames-doc' 'texlive-hepparticles' 'texlive-hepparticles-doc' 'texlive-hepthesis' 'texlive-hepthesis-doc' 'texlive-hepunits' 'texlive-hepunits-doc' 'texlive-here' 'texlive-here-doc' 'texlive-heuristica' 'texlive-heuristica-doc' 'texlive-heuristica-fonts' 'texlive-hexgame' 'texlive-hexgame-doc' 'texlive-hf-tikz' 'texlive-hf-tikz-doc' 'texlive-hfbright' 'texlive-hfbright-doc' 'texlive-hfbright-fonts' 'texlive-hfoldsty' 'texlive-hfoldsty-doc' 'texlive-hhtensor' 'texlive-hhtensor-doc' 'texlive-histogr' 'texlive-histogr-doc' 'texlive-historische-zeitschrift' 'texlive-historische-zeitschrift-doc' 'texlive-hitec' 'texlive-hitec-doc' 'texlive-hletter' 'texlive-hletter-doc' 'texlive-hobby' 'texlive-hobby-doc' 'texlive-hobete' 'texlive-hobete-doc' 'texlive-hook-pre-commit-pkg' 'texlive-horoscop' 'texlive-horoscop-doc' 'texlive-hpsdiss' 'texlive-hpsdiss-doc' 'texlive-hrefhide' 'texlive-hrefhide-doc' 'texlive-hrlatex' 'texlive-hrlatex-doc' 'texlive-hvfloat' 'texlive-hvfloat-doc' 'texlive-hvindex' 'texlive-hvindex-doc' 'texlive-hypdvips' 'texlive-hypdvips-doc' 'texlive-hyper' 'texlive-hyper-doc' 'texlive-hypernat' 'texlive-hypernat-doc' 'texlive-hyperref' 'texlive-hyperref-doc' 'texlive-hyperref-docsrc' 'texlive-hyperxmp' 'texlive-hyperxmp-doc' 'texlive-hyph-utf8' 'texlive-hyph-utf8-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-afrikaans' 'texlive-hyphen-ancientgreek' 'texlive-hyphen-arabic' 'texlive-hyphen-armenian' 'texlive-hyphen-base' 'texlive-hyphen-basque' 'texlive-hyphen-bulgarian' 'texlive-hyphen-bulgarian-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-catalan' 'texlive-hyphen-chinese' 'texlive-hyphen-churchslavonic' 'texlive-hyphen-coptic' 'texlive-hyphen-croatian' 'texlive-hyphen-czech' 'texlive-hyphen-danish' 'texlive-hyphen-dutch' 'texlive-hyphen-english' 'texlive-hyphen-esperanto' 'texlive-hyphen-estonian' 'texlive-hyphen-ethiopic' 'texlive-hyphen-farsi' 'texlive-hyphen-finnish' 'texlive-hyphen-french' 'texlive-hyphen-friulan' 'texlive-hyphen-galician' 'texlive-hyphen-georgian' 'texlive-hyphen-german' 'texlive-hyphen-greek' 'texlive-hyphen-greek-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-hungarian' 'texlive-hyphen-hungarian-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-icelandic' 'texlive-hyphen-indic' 'texlive-hyphen-indonesian' 'texlive-hyphen-interlingua' 'texlive-hyphen-irish' 'texlive-hyphen-italian' 'texlive-hyphen-kurmanji' 'texlive-hyphen-latin' 'texlive-hyphen-latvian' 'texlive-hyphen-lithuanian' 'texlive-hyphen-mongolian' 'texlive-hyphen-norwegian' 'texlive-hyphen-occitan' 'texlive-hyphen-piedmontese' 'texlive-hyphen-polish' 'texlive-hyphen-portuguese' 'texlive-hyphen-romanian' 'texlive-hyphen-romansh' 'texlive-hyphen-russian' 'texlive-hyphen-sanskrit' 'texlive-hyphen-sanskrit-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-serbian' 'texlive-hyphen-slovak' 'texlive-hyphen-slovenian' 'texlive-hyphen-spanish' 'texlive-hyphen-spanish-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-swedish' 'texlive-hyphen-thai' 'texlive-hyphen-turkish' 'texlive-hyphen-turkmen' 'texlive-hyphen-ukrainian' 'texlive-hyphen-uppersorbian' 'texlive-hyphen-welsh' 'texlive-hyphenat' 'texlive-hyphenat-doc' 'texlive-hyphenex' 'texlive-hyplain' 'texlive-hyplain-doc' 'texlive-ibycus-babel' 'texlive-ibycus-babel-doc' 'texlive-ibygrk' 'texlive-ibygrk-doc' 'texlive-ibygrk-fonts' 'texlive-icsv' 'texlive-icsv-doc' 'texlive-idxcmds' 'texlive-idxcmds-doc' 'texlive-idxlayout' 'texlive-idxlayout-doc' 'texlive-ieeepes' 'texlive-ieeepes-doc' 'texlive-ifetex' 'texlive-ifetex-doc' 'texlive-iffont' 'texlive-iffont-doc' 'texlive-ifluatex' 'texlive-ifluatex-doc' 'texlive-ifmslide' 'texlive-ifmslide-doc' 'texlive-ifmtarg' 'texlive-ifmtarg-doc' 'texlive-ifnextok' 'texlive-ifnextok-doc' 'texlive-ifoddpage' 'texlive-ifoddpage-doc' 'texlive-ifplatform' 'texlive-ifplatform-doc' 'texlive-ifsym' 'texlive-ifsym-doc' 'texlive-iftex' 'texlive-iftex-doc' 'texlive-ifthenx' 'texlive-ifthenx-doc' 'texlive-ifxetex' 'texlive-ifxetex-doc' 'texlive-iitem' 'texlive-iitem-doc' 'texlive-ijmart' 'texlive-ijmart-doc' 'texlive-ijqc' 'texlive-ijqc-doc' 'texlive-imac' 'texlive-imac-doc' 'texlive-image-gallery' 'texlive-image-gallery-doc' 'texlive-imakeidx' 'texlive-imakeidx-doc' 'texlive-imfellenglish' 'texlive-imfellenglish-doc' 'texlive-imfellenglish-fonts' 'texlive-impatient' 'texlive-impatient-cn' 'texlive-impatient-fr' 'texlive-impnattypo' 'texlive-impnattypo-doc' 'texlive-import' 'texlive-import-doc' 'texlive-imsproc' 'texlive-imsproc-doc' 'texlive-imtekda' 'texlive-imtekda-doc' 'texlive-incgraph' 'texlive-incgraph-doc' 'texlive-inconsolata' 'texlive-inconsolata-doc' 'texlive-inconsolata-fonts' 'texlive-index' 'texlive-index-doc' 'texlive-indextools' 'texlive-indextools-doc' 'texlive-initials' 'texlive-initials-doc' 'texlive-initials-fonts' 'texlive-inlinebib' 'texlive-inlinebib-doc' 'texlive-inlinedef' 'texlive-inlinedef-doc' 'texlive-inputtrc' 'texlive-inputtrc-doc' 'texlive-insbox' 'texlive-insbox-doc' 'texlive-interactiveworkbook' 'texlive-interactiveworkbook-doc' 'texlive-interchar' 'texlive-interchar-doc' 'texlive-interfaces' 'texlive-interfaces-doc' 'texlive-interpreter' 'texlive-interpreter-doc' 'texlive-interval' 'texlive-interval-doc' 'texlive-intro-scientific' 'texlive-inversepath' 'texlive-inversepath-doc' 'texlive-invoice' 'texlive-invoice-doc' 'texlive-ionumbers' 'texlive-ionumbers-doc' 'texlive-iopart-num' 'texlive-iopart-num-doc' 'texlive-ipaex' 'texlive-ipaex-doc' 'texlive-ipaex-fonts' 'texlive-ipaex-type1' 'texlive-ipaex-type1-doc' 'texlive-ipaex-type1-fonts' 'texlive-iso' 'texlive-iso-doc' 'texlive-iso10303' 'texlive-iso10303-doc' 'texlive-isodate' 'texlive-isodate-doc' 'texlive-isodoc' 'texlive-isodoc-doc' 'texlive-isomath' 'texlive-isomath-doc' 'texlive-isonums' 'texlive-isonums-doc' 'texlive-isorot' 'texlive-isorot-doc' 'texlive-isotope' 'texlive-isotope-doc' 'texlive-issuulinks' 'texlive-issuulinks-doc' 'texlive-itnumpar' 'texlive-itnumpar-doc' 'texlive-iwhdp' 'texlive-iwhdp-doc' 'texlive-iwona' 'texlive-iwona-doc' 'texlive-iwona-fonts' 'texlive-jablantile' 'texlive-jablantile-doc' 'texlive-jacow' 'texlive-jacow-doc' 'texlive-jadetex' 'texlive-jadetex-bin' 'texlive-jadetex-doc' 'texlive-jamtimes' 'texlive-jamtimes-doc' 'texlive-japanese' 'texlive-japanese-doc' 'texlive-japanese-otf' 'texlive-japanese-otf-doc' 'texlive-japanese-otf-uptex' 'texlive-japanese-otf-uptex-doc' 'texlive-jfontmaps' 'texlive-jfontmaps-bin' 'texlive-jfontmaps-doc' 'texlive-jknapltx' 'texlive-jknapltx-doc' 'texlive-jlabels' 'texlive-jlabels-doc' 'texlive-jmlr' 'texlive-jmlr-doc' 'texlive-jmn' 'texlive-jmn-fonts' 'texlive-jneurosci' 'texlive-jneurosci-doc' 'texlive-jpsj' 'texlive-jpsj-doc' 'texlive-js-misc' 'texlive-js-misc-doc' 'texlive-jsclasses' 'texlive-jsclasses-doc' 'texlive-jslectureplanner' 'texlive-jslectureplanner-doc' 'texlive-jumplines' 'texlive-jumplines-doc' 'texlive-junicode' 'texlive-junicode-doc' 'texlive-junicode-fonts' 'texlive-jura' 'texlive-jura-doc' 'texlive-juraabbrev' 'texlive-juraabbrev-doc' 'texlive-jurabib' 'texlive-jurabib-doc' 'texlive-juramisc' 'texlive-juramisc-doc' 'texlive-jurarsp' 'texlive-jurarsp-doc' 'texlive-jvlisting' 'texlive-jvlisting-doc' 'texlive-kantlipsum' 'texlive-kantlipsum-doc' 'texlive-karnaugh' 'texlive-karnaugh-doc' 'texlive-karnaughmap' 'texlive-karnaughmap-doc' 'texlive-kastrup' 'texlive-kastrup-doc' 'texlive-kdgdocs' 'texlive-kdgdocs-doc' 'texlive-kerkis' 'texlive-kerkis-doc' 'texlive-kerkis-fonts' 'texlive-kerntest' 'texlive-kerntest-doc' 'texlive-keycommand' 'texlive-keycommand-doc' 'texlive-keyreader' 'texlive-keyreader-doc' 'texlive-keystroke' 'texlive-keystroke-doc' 'texlive-keyval2e' 'texlive-keyval2e-doc' 'texlive-keyvaltable' 'texlive-keyvaltable-doc' 'texlive-kix' 'texlive-kix-doc' 'texlive-kixfont' 'texlive-kixfont-doc' 'texlive-kluwer' 'texlive-kluwer-doc' 'texlive-knitting' 'texlive-knitting-doc' 'texlive-knitting-fonts' 'texlive-knittingpattern' 'texlive-knittingpattern-doc' 'texlive-knuth' 'texlive-knuth-doc' 'texlive-knuth-lib' 'texlive-knuth-local' 'texlive-knuthotherfonts' 'texlive-koma-moderncvclassic' 'texlive-koma-moderncvclassic-doc' 'texlive-koma-script' 'texlive-koma-script-doc' 'texlive-koma-script-examples' 'texlive-koma-script-sfs' 'texlive-koma-script-sfs-doc' 'texlive-komacv' 'texlive-komacv-doc' 'texlive-kotex-oblivoir' 'texlive-kotex-oblivoir-doc' 'texlive-kotex-plain' 'texlive-kotex-plain-doc' 'texlive-kotex-utf' 'texlive-kotex-utf-doc' 'texlive-kotex-utils' 'texlive-kotex-utils-bin' 'texlive-kotex-utils-doc' 'texlive-kpathsea' 'texlive-kpathsea-bin' 'texlive-kpathsea-devel' 'texlive-kpathsea-doc' 'texlive-kpfonts' 'texlive-kpfonts-doc' 'texlive-kpfonts-fonts' 'texlive-ksfh_nat' 'texlive-ksp-thesis' 'texlive-ksp-thesis-doc' 'texlive-ktv-texdata' 'texlive-ktv-texdata-doc' 'texlive-kurier' 'texlive-kurier-doc' 'texlive-kurier-fonts' 'texlive-l2picfaq' 'texlive-l2tabu' 'texlive-l2tabu-english' 'texlive-l2tabu-french' 'texlive-l2tabu-italian' 'texlive-l2tabu-spanish' 'texlive-l3build' 'texlive-l3build-doc' 'texlive-l3experimental' 'texlive-l3experimental-doc' 'texlive-l3kernel' 'texlive-l3kernel-doc' 'texlive-l3packages' 'texlive-l3packages-doc' 'texlive-labbook' 'texlive-labbook-doc' 'texlive-labels' 'texlive-labels-doc' 'texlive-labyrinth' 'texlive-labyrinth-doc' 'texlive-lacheck' 'texlive-lacheck-bin' 'texlive-lambda' 'texlive-lambda-lists' 'texlive-lambda-lists-doc' 'texlive-langcode' 'texlive-langcode-doc' 'texlive-langsci' 'texlive-langsci-doc' 'texlive-lapdf' 'texlive-lapdf-doc' 'texlive-lastpackage' 'texlive-lastpackage-doc' 'texlive-lastpage' 'texlive-lastpage-doc' 'texlive-latex' 'texlive-latex-bib-ex' 'texlive-latex-bib2-ex' 'texlive-latex-bin' 'texlive-latex-bin-bin' 'texlive-latex-brochure' 'texlive-latex-course' 'texlive-latex-doc' 'texlive-latex-doc-ptr' 'texlive-latex-fonts' 'texlive-latex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-latex-git-log' 'texlive-latex-git-log-bin' 'texlive-latex-git-log-doc' 'texlive-latex-graphics-companion' 'texlive-latex-make' 'texlive-latex-make-doc' 'texlive-latex-notes-zh-cn' 'texlive-latex-referenz' 'texlive-latex-tabellen' 'texlive-latex-tds' 'texlive-latex-tds-doc' 'texlive-latex-veryshortguide' 'texlive-latex-web-companion' 'texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo' 'texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-fr' 'texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish' 'texlive-latex2man' 'texlive-latex2man-bin' 'texlive-latex2man-doc' 'texlive-latex4wp' 'texlive-latex4wp-it' 'texlive-latexcheat' 'texlive-latexcheat-de' 'texlive-latexcheat-esmx' 'texlive-latexcheat-ptbr' 'texlive-latexconfig' 'texlive-latexcourse-rug' 'texlive-latexdemo' 'texlive-latexdemo-doc' 'texlive-latexdiff' 'texlive-latexdiff-bin' 'texlive-latexdiff-doc' 'texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs' 'texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs-doc' 'texlive-latexfileversion' 'texlive-latexfileversion-bin' 'texlive-latexfileversion-doc' 'texlive-latexindent' 'texlive-latexindent-bin' 'texlive-latexindent-doc' 'texlive-latexmk' 'texlive-latexmk-bin' 'texlive-latexmk-doc' 'texlive-latexmp' 'texlive-latexmp-doc' 'texlive-latexpand' 'texlive-latexpand-bin' 'texlive-latexpand-doc' 'texlive-lato' 'texlive-lato-doc' 'texlive-lato-fonts' 'texlive-layaureo' 'texlive-layaureo-doc' 'texlive-layouts' 'texlive-layouts-doc' 'texlive-lazylist' 'texlive-lazylist-doc' 'texlive-lcd' 'texlive-lcd-doc' 'texlive-lcdftypetools' 'texlive-lcdftypetools-bin' 'texlive-lcg' 'texlive-lcg-doc' 'texlive-lcyw' 'texlive-lcyw-doc' 'texlive-leading' 'texlive-leading-doc' 'texlive-leadsheets' 'texlive-leadsheets-doc' 'texlive-leaflet' 'texlive-leaflet-doc' 'texlive-lecturer' 'texlive-lecturer-doc' 'texlive-ledmac' 'texlive-ledmac-doc' 'texlive-leftidx' 'texlive-leftidx-doc' 'texlive-leipzig' 'texlive-leipzig-doc' 'texlive-lengthconvert' 'texlive-lengthconvert-doc' 'texlive-lettre' 'texlive-lettre-doc' 'texlive-lettrine' 'texlive-lettrine-doc' 'texlive-levy' 'texlive-levy-doc' 'texlive-lewis' 'texlive-lewis-doc' 'texlive-lexikon' 'texlive-lexikon-doc' 'texlive-lexref' 'texlive-lexref-doc' 'texlive-lfb' 'texlive-lfb-doc' 'texlive-lgreek' 'texlive-lgreek-doc' 'texlive-lh' 'texlive-lh-doc' 'texlive-lhcyr' 'texlive-lhelp' 'texlive-lhelp-doc' 'texlive-libertine' 'texlive-libertine-doc' 'texlive-libertine-fonts' 'texlive-libertinegc' 'texlive-libertinegc-doc' 'texlive-libertinus' 'texlive-libertinus-doc' 'texlive-libertinus-fonts' 'texlive-libertinust1math' 'texlive-libertinust1math-doc' 'texlive-libertinust1math-fonts' 'texlive-libgreek' 'texlive-libgreek-doc' 'texlive-librarian' 'texlive-librarian-doc' 'texlive-librebaskerville' 'texlive-librebaskerville-doc' 'texlive-librebaskerville-fonts' 'texlive-librebodoni' 'texlive-librebodoni-doc' 'texlive-librebodoni-fonts' 'texlive-librecaslon' 'texlive-librecaslon-doc' 'texlive-librecaslon-fonts' 'texlive-libris' 'texlive-libris-doc' 'texlive-libris-fonts' 'texlive-lilyglyphs' 'texlive-lilyglyphs-bin' 'texlive-lilyglyphs-doc' 'texlive-lilyglyphs-fonts' 'texlive-limap' 'texlive-linearA' 'texlive-linearA-doc' 'texlive-linearA-fonts' 'texlive-linegoal' 'texlive-linegoal-doc' 'texlive-lineno' 'texlive-lineno-doc' 'texlive-linguex' 'texlive-linguex-doc' 'texlive-linop' 'texlive-linop-doc' 'texlive-lipsum' 'texlive-lipsum-doc' 'texlive-lisp-on-tex' 'texlive-lisp-on-tex-doc' 'texlive-listbib' 'texlive-listbib-bin' 'texlive-listbib-doc' 'texlive-listing' 'texlive-listing-doc' 'texlive-listings' 'texlive-listings-doc' 'texlive-listings-ext' 'texlive-listings-ext-bin' 'texlive-listings-ext-doc' 'texlive-listlbls' 'texlive-listlbls-doc' 'texlive-listliketab' 'texlive-listliketab-doc' 'texlive-listofsymbols' 'texlive-listofsymbols-doc' 'texlive-lithuanian' 'texlive-lithuanian-doc' 'texlive-liturg' 'texlive-liturg-doc' 'texlive-lkproof' 'texlive-lkproof-doc' 'texlive-lm' 'texlive-lm-doc' 'texlive-lm-fonts' 'texlive-lm-math' 'texlive-lm-math-doc' 'texlive-lm-math-fonts' 'texlive-lmake' 'texlive-lmake-doc' 'texlive-lobster2' 'texlive-lobster2-doc' 'texlive-lobster2-fonts' 'texlive-locality' 'texlive-locality-doc' 'texlive-localloc' 'texlive-localloc-doc' 'texlive-logbox' 'texlive-logbox-doc' 'texlive-logical-markup-utils' 'texlive-logical-markup-utils-doc' 'texlive-logicproof' 'texlive-logicproof-doc' 'texlive-logicpuzzle' 'texlive-logicpuzzle-doc' 'texlive-logpap' 'texlive-logpap-doc' 'texlive-logreq' 'texlive-logreq-doc' 'texlive-lollipop' 'texlive-lollipop-bin' 'texlive-lollipop-doc' 'texlive-longfbox' 'texlive-longfbox-doc' 'texlive-longfigure' 'texlive-longfigure-doc' 'texlive-longnamefilelist' 'texlive-longnamefilelist-doc' 'texlive-loops' 'texlive-loops-doc' 'texlive-lpform' 'texlive-lpform-doc' 'texlive-lpic' 'texlive-lpic-doc' 'texlive-lplfitch' 'texlive-lplfitch-doc' 'texlive-lps' 'texlive-lps-doc' 'texlive-lroundrect' 'texlive-lroundrect-doc' 'texlive-lsc' 'texlive-lsc-doc' 'texlive-lshort-bulgarian' 'texlive-lshort-chinese' 'texlive-lshort-czech' 'texlive-lshort-dutch' 'texlive-lshort-english' 'texlive-lshort-estonian' 'texlive-lshort-finnish' 'texlive-lshort-french' 'texlive-lshort-german' 'texlive-lshort-italian' 'texlive-lshort-japanese' 'texlive-lshort-korean' 'texlive-lshort-mongol' 'texlive-lshort-persian' 'texlive-lshort-polish' 'texlive-lshort-portuguese' 'texlive-lshort-russian' 'texlive-lshort-slovak' 'texlive-lshort-slovenian' 'texlive-lshort-spanish' 'texlive-lshort-thai' 'texlive-lshort-turkish' 'texlive-lshort-ukr' 'texlive-lshort-vietnamese' 'texlive-lstaddons' 'texlive-lstaddons-doc' 'texlive-lstbayes' 'texlive-lstbayes-doc' 'texlive-lt3graph' 'texlive-lt3graph-doc' 'texlive-ltablex' 'texlive-ltablex-doc' 'texlive-ltabptch' 'texlive-ltabptch-doc' 'texlive-ltxdockit' 'texlive-ltxdockit-doc' 'texlive-ltxfileinfo' 'texlive-ltxfileinfo-bin' 'texlive-ltxfileinfo-doc' 'texlive-ltximg' 'texlive-ltximg-bin' 'texlive-ltximg-doc' 'texlive-ltxindex' 'texlive-ltxindex-doc' 'texlive-ltxkeys' 'texlive-ltxkeys-doc' 'texlive-ltxmisc' 'texlive-ltxnew' 'texlive-ltxnew-doc' 'texlive-ltxtools' 'texlive-ltxtools-doc' 'texlive-lua-alt-getopt' 'texlive-lua-alt-getopt-doc' 'texlive-lua-check-hyphen' 'texlive-lua-check-hyphen-doc' 'texlive-lua-visual-debug' 'texlive-lua-visual-debug-doc' 'texlive-lua2dox' 'texlive-lua2dox-bin' 'texlive-lua2dox-doc' 'texlive-luabibentry' 'texlive-luabibentry-doc' 'texlive-luabidi' 'texlive-luabidi-doc' 'texlive-luacode' 'texlive-luacode-doc' 'texlive-luaindex' 'texlive-luaindex-doc' 'texlive-luainputenc' 'texlive-luainputenc-doc' 'texlive-luaintro' 'texlive-lualatex-doc' 'texlive-lualatex-doc-de' 'texlive-lualatex-math' 'texlive-lualatex-math-doc' 'texlive-lualibs' 'texlive-lualibs-doc' 'texlive-luamplib' 'texlive-luamplib-doc' 'texlive-luaotfload' 'texlive-luaotfload-bin' 'texlive-luaotfload-doc' 'texlive-luasseq' 'texlive-luasseq-doc' 'texlive-luatex' 'texlive-luatex-bin' 'texlive-luatex-def' 'texlive-luatex-def-doc' 'texlive-luatex-doc' 'texlive-luatex85' 'texlive-luatex85-doc' 'texlive-luatexbase' 'texlive-luatexbase-doc' 'texlive-luatexja' 'texlive-luatexja-doc' 'texlive-luatexko' 'texlive-luatexko-doc' 'texlive-luatextra' 'texlive-luatextra-doc' 'texlive-luatodonotes' 'texlive-luatodonotes-doc' 'texlive-luaxml' 'texlive-luaxml-doc' 'texlive-lxfonts' 'texlive-lxfonts-doc' 'texlive-lxfonts-fonts' 'texlive-ly1' 'texlive-ly1-doc' 'texlive-m-tx' 'texlive-m-tx-bin' 'texlive-m-tx-doc' 'texlive-macros2e' 'texlive-macroswap' 'texlive-macroswap-doc' 'texlive-mafr' 'texlive-mafr-doc' 'texlive-magaz' 'texlive-magaz-doc' 'texlive-mailing' 'texlive-mailing-doc' 'texlive-mailmerge' 'texlive-mailmerge-doc' 'texlive-make4ht' 'texlive-make4ht-bin' 'texlive-make4ht-doc' 'texlive-makebarcode' 'texlive-makebarcode-doc' 'texlive-makebase' 'texlive-makebase-doc' 'texlive-makebox' 'texlive-makebox-doc' 'texlive-makecell' 'texlive-makecell-doc' 'texlive-makecirc' 'texlive-makecirc-doc' 'texlive-makecmds' 'texlive-makecmds-doc' 'texlive-makedtx' 'texlive-makedtx-bin' 'texlive-makedtx-doc' 'texlive-makeglos' 'texlive-makeglos-doc' 'texlive-makeindex' 'texlive-makeindex-bin' 'texlive-makeindex-doc' 'texlive-makeplot' 'texlive-makeplot-doc' 'texlive-makeshape' 'texlive-makeshape-doc' 'texlive-mandi' 'texlive-mandi-doc' 'texlive-manfnt' 'texlive-manfnt-font' 'texlive-manfnt-font-fonts' 'texlive-manuscript' 'texlive-manuscript-doc' 'texlive-margbib' 'texlive-margbib-doc' 'texlive-marginfix' 'texlive-marginfix-doc' 'texlive-marginnote' 'texlive-marginnote-doc' 'texlive-marvosym' 'texlive-marvosym-doc' 'texlive-marvosym-fonts' 'texlive-matc3' 'texlive-matc3-doc' 'texlive-matc3mem' 'texlive-matc3mem-doc' 'texlive-match_parens' 'texlive-match_parens-bin' 'texlive-match_parens-doc' 'texlive-math-e' 'texlive-mathabx' 'texlive-mathabx-doc' 'texlive-mathabx-type1' 'texlive-mathabx-type1-doc' 'texlive-mathabx-type1-fonts' 'texlive-mathalfa' 'texlive-mathalfa-doc' 'texlive-mathastext' 'texlive-mathastext-doc' 'texlive-mathcomp' 'texlive-mathcomp-doc' 'texlive-mathdesign' 'texlive-mathdesign-doc' 'texlive-mathdesign-fonts' 'texlive-mathdots' 'texlive-mathdots-doc' 'texlive-mathexam' 'texlive-mathexam-doc' 'texlive-mathpartir' 'texlive-mathpartir-doc' 'texlive-mathpazo' 'texlive-mathpazo-doc' 'texlive-mathpazo-fonts' 'texlive-maths-symbols' 'texlive-mathspec' 'texlive-mathspec-doc' 'texlive-mathspic' 'texlive-mathspic-bin' 'texlive-mathspic-doc' 'texlive-mathtools' 'texlive-mathtools-doc' 'texlive-matlab-prettifier' 'texlive-matlab-prettifier-doc' 'texlive-mattens' 'texlive-mattens-doc' 'texlive-maybemath' 'texlive-maybemath-doc' 'texlive-mbenotes' 'texlive-mbenotes-doc' 'texlive-mcaption' 'texlive-mcaption-doc' 'texlive-mceinleger' 'texlive-mceinleger-doc' 'texlive-mcf2graph' 'texlive-mcf2graph-doc' 'texlive-mcite' 'texlive-mcite-doc' 'texlive-mciteplus' 'texlive-mciteplus-doc' 'texlive-mcmthesis' 'texlive-mcmthesis-doc' 'texlive-mdframed' 'texlive-mdframed-doc' 'texlive-mdputu' 'texlive-mdputu-doc' 'texlive-mdsymbol' 'texlive-mdsymbol-doc' 'texlive-mdsymbol-fonts' 'texlive-mdwtools' 'texlive-mdwtools-doc' 'texlive-media9' 'texlive-media9-doc' 'texlive-medstarbeamer' 'texlive-medstarbeamer-doc' 'texlive-meetingmins' 'texlive-meetingmins-doc' 'texlive-memdesign' 'texlive-memexsupp' 'texlive-memexsupp-doc' 'texlive-memoir' 'texlive-memoir-doc' 'texlive-memory' 'texlive-memory-doc' 'texlive-mentis' 'texlive-mentis-doc' 'texlive-menu' 'texlive-menu-doc' 'texlive-menukeys' 'texlive-menukeys-doc' 'texlive-merriweather' 'texlive-merriweather-doc' 'texlive-merriweather-fonts' 'texlive-metafont' 'texlive-metafont-beginners' 'texlive-metafont-bin' 'texlive-metafont-doc' 'texlive-metago' 'texlive-metago-doc' 'texlive-metalogo' 'texlive-metalogo-doc' 'texlive-metaobj' 'texlive-metaobj-doc' 'texlive-metaplot' 'texlive-metaplot-doc' 'texlive-metapost' 'texlive-metapost-bin' 'texlive-metapost-doc' 'texlive-metapost-examples' 'texlive-metapost-fonts' 'texlive-metatex' 'texlive-metatex-doc' 'texlive-metatype1' 'texlive-metauml' 'texlive-metauml-doc' 'texlive-method' 'texlive-method-doc' 'texlive-metre' 'texlive-metre-doc' 'texlive-metrix' 'texlive-metrix-doc' 'texlive-mex' 'texlive-mex-bin' 'texlive-mex-doc' 'texlive-mf2pt1' 'texlive-mf2pt1-bin' 'texlive-mf2pt1-doc' 'texlive-mfirstuc' 'texlive-mfirstuc-doc' 'texlive-mflogo' 'texlive-mflogo-doc' 'texlive-mflogo-font' 'texlive-mflogo-font-doc' 'texlive-mflogo-font-fonts' 'texlive-mflua' 'texlive-mflua-bin' 'texlive-mfnfss' 'texlive-mfnfss-doc' 'texlive-mfpic' 'texlive-mfpic-doc' 'texlive-mfpic4ode' 'texlive-mfpic4ode-doc' 'texlive-mftinc' 'texlive-mftinc-doc' 'texlive-mfware' 'texlive-mfware-bin' 'texlive-mfware-doc' 'texlive-mhchem' 'texlive-mhchem-doc' 'texlive-mhequ' 'texlive-mhequ-doc' 'texlive-miama' 'texlive-miama-doc' 'texlive-miama-fonts' 'texlive-microtype' 'texlive-microtype-de' 'texlive-microtype-doc' 'texlive-midnight' 'texlive-midnight-doc' 'texlive-midpage' 'texlive-midpage-doc' 'texlive-mil3' 'texlive-miller' 'texlive-miller-doc' 'texlive-minibox' 'texlive-minibox-doc' 'texlive-minifp' 'texlive-minifp-doc' 'texlive-minipage-marginpar' 'texlive-minipage-marginpar-doc' 'texlive-miniplot' 'texlive-miniplot-doc' 'texlive-minitoc' 'texlive-minitoc-doc' 'texlive-minorrevision' 'texlive-minorrevision-doc' 'texlive-minted' 'texlive-minted-doc' 'texlive-mintspirit' 'texlive-mintspirit-doc' 'texlive-mintspirit-fonts' 'texlive-minutes' 'texlive-minutes-doc' 'texlive-mkgrkindex' 'texlive-mkgrkindex-bin' 'texlive-mkgrkindex-doc' 'texlive-mkjobtexmf' 'texlive-mkjobtexmf-bin' 'texlive-mkjobtexmf-doc' 'texlive-mkpattern' 'texlive-mkpattern-doc' 'texlive-mkpic' 'texlive-mkpic-bin' 'texlive-mkpic-doc' 'texlive-mla-paper' 'texlive-mla-paper-doc' 'texlive-mlist' 'texlive-mlist-doc' 'texlive-mltex' 'texlive-mltex-bin' 'texlive-mltex-doc' 'texlive-mmap' 'texlive-mmap-doc' 'texlive-mnotes' 'texlive-mnotes-doc' 'texlive-mnras' 'texlive-mnras-doc' 'texlive-mnsymbol' 'texlive-mnsymbol-doc' 'texlive-mnsymbol-fonts' 'texlive-moderncv' 'texlive-moderncv-doc' 'texlive-moderntimeline' 'texlive-moderntimeline-doc' 'texlive-modiagram' 'texlive-modiagram-doc' 'texlive-modref' 'texlive-modref-doc' 'texlive-modroman' 'texlive-modroman-doc' 'texlive-mongolian-babel' 'texlive-mongolian-babel-doc' 'texlive-monofill' 'texlive-monofill-doc' 'texlive-montex' 'texlive-montex-doc' 'texlive-montex-fonts' 'texlive-moodle' 'texlive-moodle-doc' 'texlive-moreenum' 'texlive-moreenum-doc' 'texlive-morefloats' 'texlive-morefloats-doc' 'texlive-morehype' 'texlive-morehype-doc' 'texlive-moresize' 'texlive-moresize-doc' 'texlive-moreverb' 'texlive-moreverb-doc' 'texlive-morewrites' 'texlive-morewrites-doc' 'texlive-movie15' 'texlive-movie15-doc' 'texlive-mp3d' 'texlive-mp3d-doc' 'texlive-mparhack' 'texlive-mparhack-doc' 'texlive-mparrows' 'texlive-mparrows-doc' 'texlive-mpattern' 'texlive-mpattern-doc' 'texlive-mpcolornames' 'texlive-mpcolornames-doc' 'texlive-mpgraphics' 'texlive-mpgraphics-doc' 'texlive-mpman-ru' 'texlive-mptopdf' 'texlive-mptopdf-bin' 'texlive-mptopdf-doc' 'texlive-ms' 'texlive-ms-doc' 'texlive-msc' 'texlive-msc-doc' 'texlive-msg' 'texlive-msg-doc' 'texlive-mslapa' 'texlive-mslapa-doc' 'texlive-msu-thesis' 'texlive-msu-thesis-doc' 'texlive-mtgreek' 'texlive-mtgreek-doc' 'texlive-mugsthesis' 'texlive-mugsthesis-doc' 'texlive-multenum' 'texlive-multenum-doc' 'texlive-multiaudience' 'texlive-multiaudience-doc' 'texlive-multibbl' 'texlive-multibbl-doc' 'texlive-multibib' 'texlive-multibib-doc' 'texlive-multibibliography' 'texlive-multibibliography-bin' 'texlive-multibibliography-doc' 'texlive-multicap' 'texlive-multicap-doc' 'texlive-multidef' 'texlive-multidef-doc' 'texlive-multido' 'texlive-multido-doc' 'texlive-multienv' 'texlive-multienv-doc' 'texlive-multiexpand' 'texlive-multiexpand-doc' 'texlive-multiobjective' 'texlive-multiobjective-doc' 'texlive-multirow' 'texlive-multirow-doc' 'texlive-munich' 'texlive-munich-doc' 'texlive-musixguit' 'texlive-musixguit-doc' 'texlive-musixtex' 'texlive-musixtex-bin' 'texlive-musixtex-doc' 'texlive-musixtex-fonts' 'texlive-musixtex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-musixtex-fonts-fonts' 'texlive-musixtnt' 'texlive-musixtnt-bin' 'texlive-musixtnt-doc' 'texlive-musuos' 'texlive-musuos-doc' 'texlive-muthesis' 'texlive-muthesis-doc' 'texlive-mversion' 'texlive-mversion-doc' 'texlive-mwcls' 'texlive-mwcls-doc' 'texlive-mwe' 'texlive-mwe-doc' 'texlive-mweights' 'texlive-mweights-doc' 'texlive-mxedruli' 'texlive-mxedruli-doc' 'texlive-mxedruli-fonts' 'texlive-mychemistry' 'texlive-mychemistry-doc' 'texlive-mycv' 'texlive-mycv-doc' 'texlive-mylatexformat' 'texlive-mylatexformat-doc' 'texlive-mynsfc' 'texlive-mynsfc-doc' 'texlive-nag' 'texlive-nag-doc' 'texlive-nameauth' 'texlive-nameauth-doc' 'texlive-namespc' 'texlive-namespc-doc' 'texlive-nanumtype1' 'texlive-nanumtype1-doc' 'texlive-nanumtype1-fonts' 'texlive-nar' 'texlive-natbib' 'texlive-natbib-doc' 'texlive-natded' 'texlive-natded-doc' 'texlive-nath' 'texlive-nath-doc' 'texlive-nature' 'texlive-nature-doc' 'texlive-navigator' 'texlive-navigator-doc' 'texlive-ncclatex' 'texlive-ncclatex-doc' 'texlive-ncctools' 'texlive-ncctools-doc' 'texlive-ncntrsbk' 'texlive-ncntrsbk-fonts' 'texlive-nddiss' 'texlive-nddiss-doc' 'texlive-ndsu-thesis' 'texlive-ndsu-thesis-doc' 'texlive-needspace' 'texlive-needspace-doc' 'texlive-nestquot' 'texlive-neuralnetwork' 'texlive-neuralnetwork-doc' 'texlive-nevelok' 'texlive-nevelok-doc' 'texlive-newcommand' 'texlive-newenviron' 'texlive-newenviron-doc' 'texlive-newfile' 'texlive-newfile-doc' 'texlive-newlfm' 'texlive-newlfm-doc' 'texlive-newpx' 'texlive-newpx-doc' 'texlive-newpx-fonts' 'texlive-newsletr' 'texlive-newsletr-doc' 'texlive-newspaper' 'texlive-newspaper-doc' 'texlive-newtx' 'texlive-newtx-doc' 'texlive-newtx-fonts' 'texlive-newtxsf' 'texlive-newtxsf-doc' 'texlive-newtxsf-fonts' 'texlive-newtxtt' 'texlive-newtxtt-doc' 'texlive-newtxtt-fonts' 'texlive-newunicodechar' 'texlive-newunicodechar-doc' 'texlive-newvbtm' 'texlive-newvbtm-doc' 'texlive-newverbs' 'texlive-newverbs-doc' 'texlive-nextpage' 'texlive-nfssext-cfr' 'texlive-nfssext-cfr-doc' 'texlive-nicefilelist' 'texlive-nicefilelist-doc' 'texlive-niceframe' 'texlive-niceframe-doc' 'texlive-nicetext' 'texlive-nicetext-doc' 'texlive-nih' 'texlive-nih-doc' 'texlive-nihbiosketch' 'texlive-nihbiosketch-doc' 'texlive-nimbus15' 'texlive-nimbus15-doc' 'texlive-nimbus15-fonts' 'texlive-nkarta' 'texlive-nkarta-doc' 'texlive-nlctdoc' 'texlive-nlctdoc-doc' 'texlive-nmbib' 'texlive-nmbib-doc' 'texlive-noconflict' 'texlive-noconflict-doc' 'texlive-noindentafter' 'texlive-noindentafter-doc' 'texlive-noitcrul' 'texlive-noitcrul-doc' 'texlive-nolbreaks' 'texlive-nolbreaks-doc' 'texlive-nomencl' 'texlive-nomencl-doc' 'texlive-nomentbl' 'texlive-nomentbl-doc' 'texlive-nonfloat' 'texlive-nonfloat-doc' 'texlive-nonumonpart' 'texlive-nonumonpart-doc' 'texlive-nopageno' 'texlive-nopageno-doc' 'texlive-norasi-c90' 'texlive-normalcolor' 'texlive-normalcolor-doc' 'texlive-nostarch' 'texlive-nostarch-doc' 'texlive-notes' 'texlive-notes-doc' 'texlive-notes2bib' 'texlive-notes2bib-doc' 'texlive-noto' 'texlive-noto-doc' 'texlive-noto-fonts' 'texlive-notoccite' 'texlive-notoccite-doc' 'texlive-nowidow' 'texlive-nowidow-doc' 'texlive-nox' 'texlive-nox-doc' 'texlive-nrc' 'texlive-nrc-doc' 'texlive-ntgclass' 'texlive-ntgclass-doc' 'texlive-ntheorem' 'texlive-ntheorem-doc' 'texlive-ntheorem-vn' 'texlive-nuc' 'texlive-nuc-doc' 'texlive-nucleardata' 'texlive-nucleardata-doc' 'texlive-numberedblock' 'texlive-numberedblock-doc' 'texlive-numericplots' 'texlive-numericplots-doc' 'texlive-numname' 'texlive-numname-doc' 'texlive-numprint' 'texlive-numprint-doc' 'texlive-nwejm' 'texlive-nwejm-doc' 'texlive-oberdiek' 'texlive-oberdiek-doc' 'texlive-objectz' 'texlive-objectz-doc' 'texlive-obnov' 'texlive-obnov-doc' 'texlive-ocg-p' 'texlive-ocg-p-doc' 'texlive-ocgx' 'texlive-ocgx-doc' 'texlive-ocgx2' 'texlive-ocgx2-doc' 'texlive-ocherokee' 'texlive-ocherokee-doc' 'texlive-ocherokee-fonts' 'texlive-ocr-b' 'texlive-ocr-b-doc' 'texlive-ocr-b-outline' 'texlive-ocr-b-outline-doc' 'texlive-ocr-b-outline-fonts' 'texlive-ocr-latex' 'texlive-ocr-latex-doc' 'texlive-octavo' 'texlive-octavo-doc' 'texlive-odsfile' 'texlive-odsfile-doc' 'texlive-ofs' 'texlive-ofs-doc' 'texlive-ogham' 'texlive-ogham-doc' 'texlive-oinuit' 'texlive-oinuit-doc' 'texlive-oinuit-fonts' 'texlive-old-arrows' 'texlive-old-arrows-doc' 'texlive-old-arrows-fonts' 'texlive-oldlatin' 'texlive-oldlatin-doc' 'texlive-oldstandard' 'texlive-oldstandard-doc' 'texlive-oldstandard-fonts' 'texlive-oldstyle' 'texlive-oldstyle-doc' 'texlive-omega' 'texlive-omega-doc' 'texlive-omega-fonts' 'texlive-omegaware' 'texlive-omegaware-bin' 'texlive-onlyamsmath' 'texlive-onlyamsmath-doc' 'texlive-onrannual' 'texlive-onrannual-doc' 'texlive-opcit' 'texlive-opcit-doc' 'texlive-opensans' 'texlive-opensans-doc' 'texlive-opensans-fonts' 'texlive-opteng' 'texlive-opteng-doc' 'texlive-optional' 'texlive-optional-doc' 'texlive-options' 'texlive-options-doc' 'texlive-ordinalpt' 'texlive-ordinalpt-doc' 'texlive-orkhun' 'texlive-orkhun-doc' 'texlive-oscola' 'texlive-oscola-doc' 'texlive-ot-tableau' 'texlive-ot-tableau-doc' 'texlive-othello' 'texlive-othello-doc' 'texlive-othelloboard' 'texlive-othelloboard-doc' 'texlive-otibet' 'texlive-otibet-doc' 'texlive-oubraces' 'texlive-oubraces-doc' 'texlive-outline' 'texlive-outline-doc' 'texlive-outliner' 'texlive-outliner-doc' 'texlive-outlines' 'texlive-outlines-doc' 'texlive-overlock' 'texlive-overlock-doc' 'texlive-overlock-fonts' 'texlive-overpic' 'texlive-overpic-doc' 'texlive-pacioli' 'texlive-pacioli-doc' 'texlive-pagecolor' 'texlive-pagecolor-doc' 'texlive-pagecont' 'texlive-pagecont-doc' 'texlive-pagenote' 'texlive-pagenote-doc' 'texlive-pagerange' 'texlive-pagerange-doc' 'texlive-pageslts' 'texlive-pageslts-doc' 'texlive-palatino' 'texlive-palatino-fonts' 'texlive-paper' 'texlive-paper-doc' 'texlive-papercdcase' 'texlive-papercdcase-doc' 'texlive-papermas' 'texlive-papermas-doc' 'texlive-papertex' 'texlive-papertex-doc' 'texlive-paracol' 'texlive-paracol-doc' 'texlive-parades' 'texlive-parades-doc' 'texlive-paralist' 'texlive-paralist-doc' 'texlive-parallel' 'texlive-parallel-doc' 'texlive-paratype' 'texlive-paratype-doc' 'texlive-paratype-fonts' 'texlive-paresse' 'texlive-paresse-doc' 'texlive-parnotes' 'texlive-parnotes-doc' 'texlive-parrun' 'texlive-parrun-doc' 'texlive-parselines' 'texlive-parselines-doc' 'texlive-parskip' 'texlive-parskip-doc' 'texlive-pas-cours' 'texlive-pas-cours-doc' 'texlive-pas-crosswords' 'texlive-pas-crosswords-doc' 'texlive-pas-cv' 'texlive-pas-cv-doc' 'texlive-pas-tableur' 'texlive-pas-tableur-doc' 'texlive-passivetex' 'texlive-patch' 'texlive-patchcmd' 'texlive-patchcmd-doc' 'texlive-patgen' 'texlive-patgen-bin' 'texlive-patgen2-tutorial' 'texlive-path' 'texlive-path-doc' 'texlive-pauldoc' 'texlive-pauldoc-doc' 'texlive-pawpict' 'texlive-pawpict-doc' 'texlive-pax' 'texlive-pax-bin' 'texlive-pax-doc' 'texlive-pb-diagram' 'texlive-pb-diagram-doc' 'texlive-pbibtex-base' 'texlive-pbibtex-base-doc' 'texlive-pbox' 'texlive-pbox-doc' 'texlive-pbsheet' 'texlive-pbsheet-doc' 'texlive-pdf-trans' 'texlive-pdf-trans-doc' 'texlive-pdf14' 'texlive-pdf14-doc' 'texlive-pdfbook2' 'texlive-pdfbook2-bin' 'texlive-pdfbook2-doc' 'texlive-pdfcomment' 'texlive-pdfcomment-doc' 'texlive-pdfcprot' 'texlive-pdfcprot-doc' 'texlive-pdfcrop' 'texlive-pdfcrop-bin' 'texlive-pdfcrop-doc' 'texlive-pdfjam' 'texlive-pdfjam-bin' 'texlive-pdfjam-doc' 'texlive-pdfmarginpar' 'texlive-pdfmarginpar-doc' 'texlive-pdfpagediff' 'texlive-pdfpagediff-doc' 'texlive-pdfpages' 'texlive-pdfpages-doc' 'texlive-pdfscreen' 'texlive-pdfscreen-doc' 'texlive-pdfslide' 'texlive-pdfslide-doc' 'texlive-pdfsync' 'texlive-pdfsync-doc' 'texlive-pdftex' 'texlive-pdftex-bin' 'texlive-pdftex-def' 'texlive-pdftex-doc' 'texlive-pdftex-fonts' 'texlive-pdftools' 'texlive-pdftools-bin' 'texlive-pdftools-doc' 'texlive-pdftricks' 'texlive-pdftricks-doc' 'texlive-pdftricks2' 'texlive-pdftricks2-doc' 'texlive-pdfwin' 'texlive-pdfwin-doc' 'texlive-pdfx' 'texlive-pdfx-doc' 'texlive-pdfxup' 'texlive-pdfxup-bin' 'texlive-pdfxup-doc' 'texlive-pecha' 'texlive-pecha-doc' 'texlive-pedigree-perl' 'texlive-pedigree-perl-bin' 'texlive-pedigree-perl-doc' 'texlive-perception' 'texlive-perception-doc' 'texlive-perfectcut' 'texlive-perfectcut-doc' 'texlive-perltex' 'texlive-perltex-bin' 'texlive-perltex-doc' 'texlive-permute' 'texlive-permute-doc' 'texlive-persian-bib' 'texlive-persian-bib-doc' 'texlive-petiteannonce' 'texlive-petiteannonce-doc' 'texlive-petri-nets' 'texlive-petri-nets-bin' 'texlive-petri-nets-doc' 'texlive-pfarrei' 'texlive-pfarrei-bin' 'texlive-pfarrei-doc' 'texlive-pgf' 'texlive-pgf-blur' 'texlive-pgf-blur-doc' 'texlive-pgf-doc' 'texlive-pgf-soroban' 'texlive-pgf-soroban-doc' 'texlive-pgf-spectra' 'texlive-pgf-spectra-doc' 'texlive-pgf-umlcd' 'texlive-pgf-umlcd-doc' 'texlive-pgf-umlsd' 'texlive-pgf-umlsd-doc' 'texlive-pgfgantt' 'texlive-pgfgantt-doc' 'texlive-pgfkeyx' 'texlive-pgfkeyx-doc' 'texlive-pgfmolbio' 'texlive-pgfmolbio-doc' 'texlive-pgfopts' 'texlive-pgfopts-doc' 'texlive-pgfornament' 'texlive-pgfornament-doc' 'texlive-pgfplots' 'texlive-pgfplots-doc' 'texlive-phaistos' 'texlive-phaistos-doc' 'texlive-phaistos-fonts' 'texlive-philex' 'texlive-philex-doc' 'texlive-philokalia' 'texlive-philokalia-doc' 'texlive-philokalia-fonts' 'texlive-philosophersimprint' 'texlive-philosophersimprint-doc' 'texlive-phonetic' 'texlive-phonetic-doc' 'texlive-phonrule' 'texlive-phonrule-doc' 'texlive-photo' 'texlive-photo-doc' 'texlive-physics' 'texlive-physics-doc' 'texlive-piano' 'texlive-piano-doc' 'texlive-picinpar' 'texlive-picinpar-doc' 'texlive-pict2e' 'texlive-pict2e-doc' 'texlive-pictex' 'texlive-pictex-doc' 'texlive-pictex2' 'texlive-pictexsum' 'texlive-piechartmp' 'texlive-piechartmp-doc' 'texlive-piff' 'texlive-piff-doc' 'texlive-pigpen' 'texlive-pigpen-doc' 'texlive-pigpen-fonts' 'texlive-pinlabel' 'texlive-pinlabel-doc' 'texlive-pitex' 'texlive-pitex-doc' 'texlive-pittetd' 'texlive-pittetd-doc' 'texlive-pkfix' 'texlive-pkfix-bin' 'texlive-pkfix-doc' 'texlive-pkfix-helper' 'texlive-pkfix-helper-bin' 'texlive-pkfix-helper-doc' 'texlive-pkgloader' 'texlive-pkgloader-doc' 'texlive-pkuthss' 'texlive-pkuthss-doc' 'texlive-pl' 'texlive-pl-doc' 'texlive-pl-fonts' 'texlive-placeat' 'texlive-placeat-doc' 'texlive-placeins' 'texlive-placeins-doc' 'texlive-placeins-plain' 'texlive-plain' 'texlive-plain-doc' 'texlive-plainpkg' 'texlive-plainpkg-doc' 'texlive-plantslabels' 'texlive-plantslabels-doc' 'texlive-plari' 'texlive-plari-doc' 'texlive-plates' 'texlive-plates-doc' 'texlive-platex' 'texlive-platex-bin' 'texlive-platex-doc' 'texlive-play' 'texlive-play-doc' 'texlive-playfair' 'texlive-playfair-doc' 'texlive-playfair-fonts' 'texlive-plipsum' 'texlive-plipsum-doc' 'texlive-plnfss' 'texlive-plnfss-doc' 'texlive-plstmary' 'texlive-plstmary-doc' 'texlive-plweb' 'texlive-plweb-doc' 'texlive-pmgraph' 'texlive-pmgraph-doc' 'texlive-pmx' 'texlive-pmx-bin' 'texlive-pmx-doc' 'texlive-pmxchords' 'texlive-pmxchords-bin' 'texlive-pmxchords-doc' 'texlive-pnas2009' 'texlive-poemscol' 'texlive-poemscol-doc' 'texlive-poetrytex' 'texlive-poetrytex-doc' 'texlive-polski' 'texlive-polski-doc' 'texlive-poltawski' 'texlive-poltawski-doc' 'texlive-poltawski-fonts' 'texlive-polyglossia' 'texlive-polyglossia-doc' 'texlive-polynom' 'texlive-polynom-doc' 'texlive-polynomial' 'texlive-polynomial-doc' 'texlive-polytable' 'texlive-polytable-doc' 'texlive-postcards' 'texlive-postcards-doc' 'texlive-poster-mac' 'texlive-poster-mac-doc' 'texlive-powerdot' 'texlive-powerdot-FUBerlin' 'texlive-powerdot-FUBerlin-doc' 'texlive-powerdot-doc' 'texlive-ppr-prv' 'texlive-ppr-prv-doc' 'texlive-pracjourn' 'texlive-pracjourn-doc' 'texlive-preprint' 'texlive-preprint-doc' 'texlive-prerex' 'texlive-prerex-doc' 'texlive-present' 'texlive-present-doc' 'texlive-presentations' 'texlive-presentations-en' 'texlive-pressrelease' 'texlive-pressrelease-doc' 'texlive-prettyref' 'texlive-prettyref-doc' 'texlive-preview' 'texlive-preview-doc' 'texlive-prftree' 'texlive-prftree-doc' 'texlive-printlen' 'texlive-printlen-doc' 'texlive-proba' 'texlive-proba-doc' 'texlive-probsoln' 'texlive-probsoln-doc' 'texlive-procIAGssymp' 'texlive-procIAGssymp-doc' 'texlive-prodint' 'texlive-prodint-doc' 'texlive-prodint-fonts' 'texlive-productbox' 'texlive-productbox-doc' 'texlive-program' 'texlive-program-doc' 'texlive-progress' 'texlive-progress-doc' 'texlive-progressbar' 'texlive-progressbar-doc' 'texlive-proofread' 'texlive-proofread-doc' 'texlive-prooftrees' 'texlive-prooftrees-doc' 'texlive-properties' 'texlive-properties-doc' 'texlive-proposal' 'texlive-proposal-doc' 'texlive-prosper' 'texlive-prosper-doc' 'texlive-protex' 'texlive-protex-doc' 'texlive-protocol' 'texlive-protocol-doc' 'texlive-przechlewski-book' 'texlive-przechlewski-book-doc' 'texlive-ps2pk' 'texlive-ps2pk-bin' 'texlive-psbao' 'texlive-psbao-doc' 'texlive-pseudocode' 'texlive-pseudocode-doc' 'texlive-psfrag' 'texlive-psfrag-doc' 'texlive-psfrag-italian' 'texlive-psfragx' 'texlive-psfragx-doc' 'texlive-psgo' 'texlive-psgo-doc' 'texlive-psizzl' 'texlive-psizzl-doc' 'texlive-pslatex' 'texlive-psnfss' 'texlive-psnfss-doc' 'texlive-pspicture' 'texlive-pspicture-doc' 'texlive-pst-2dplot' 'texlive-pst-2dplot-doc' 'texlive-pst-3d' 'texlive-pst-3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-3dplot' 'texlive-pst-3dplot-doc' 'texlive-pst-abspos' 'texlive-pst-abspos-doc' 'texlive-pst-am' 'texlive-pst-am-doc' 'texlive-pst-asr' 'texlive-pst-asr-doc' 'texlive-pst-bar' 'texlive-pst-bar-doc' 'texlive-pst-barcode' 'texlive-pst-barcode-doc' 'texlive-pst-bezier' 'texlive-pst-bezier-doc' 'texlive-pst-blur' 'texlive-pst-blur-doc' 'texlive-pst-bspline' 'texlive-pst-bspline-doc' 'texlive-pst-calendar' 'texlive-pst-calendar-doc' 'texlive-pst-cie' 'texlive-pst-cie-doc' 'texlive-pst-circ' 'texlive-pst-circ-doc' 'texlive-pst-coil' 'texlive-pst-coil-doc' 'texlive-pst-cox' 'texlive-pst-cox-doc' 'texlive-pst-dbicons' 'texlive-pst-dbicons-doc' 'texlive-pst-diffraction' 'texlive-pst-diffraction-doc' 'texlive-pst-electricfield' 'texlive-pst-electricfield-doc' 'texlive-pst-eps' 'texlive-pst-eps-doc' 'texlive-pst-eucl' 'texlive-pst-eucl-doc' 'texlive-pst-eucl-translation-bg' 'texlive-pst-exa' 'texlive-pst-exa-doc' 'texlive-pst-fill' 'texlive-pst-fill-doc' 'texlive-pst-fit' 'texlive-pst-fit-doc' 'texlive-pst-fr3d' 'texlive-pst-fr3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-fractal' 'texlive-pst-fractal-doc' 'texlive-pst-fun' 'texlive-pst-fun-doc' 'texlive-pst-func' 'texlive-pst-func-doc' 'texlive-pst-gantt' 'texlive-pst-gantt-doc' 'texlive-pst-geo' 'texlive-pst-geo-doc' 'texlive-pst-ghsb' 'texlive-pst-ghsb-doc' 'texlive-pst-gr3d' 'texlive-pst-gr3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-grad' 'texlive-pst-grad-doc' 'texlive-pst-graphicx' 'texlive-pst-graphicx-doc' 'texlive-pst-infixplot' 'texlive-pst-infixplot-doc' 'texlive-pst-intersect' 'texlive-pst-intersect-doc' 'texlive-pst-jtree' 'texlive-pst-jtree-doc' 'texlive-pst-knot' 'texlive-pst-knot-doc' 'texlive-pst-labo' 'texlive-pst-labo-doc' 'texlive-pst-layout' 'texlive-pst-layout-doc' 'texlive-pst-lens' 'texlive-pst-lens-doc' 'texlive-pst-light3d' 'texlive-pst-light3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-magneticfield' 'texlive-pst-magneticfield-doc' 'texlive-pst-math' 'texlive-pst-math-doc' 'texlive-pst-mirror' 'texlive-pst-mirror-doc' 'texlive-pst-node' 'texlive-pst-node-doc' 'texlive-pst-ob3d' 'texlive-pst-ob3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-ode' 'texlive-pst-ode-doc' 'texlive-pst-optexp' 'texlive-pst-optexp-doc' 'texlive-pst-optic' 'texlive-pst-optic-doc' 'texlive-pst-osci' 'texlive-pst-osci-doc' 'texlive-pst-ovl' 'texlive-pst-ovl-doc' 'texlive-pst-pad' 'texlive-pst-pad-doc' 'texlive-pst-pdf' 'texlive-pst-pdf-bin' 'texlive-pst-pdf-doc' 'texlive-pst-pdgr' 'texlive-pst-pdgr-doc' 'texlive-pst-perspective' 'texlive-pst-perspective-doc' 'texlive-pst-platon' 'texlive-pst-platon-doc' 'texlive-pst-plot' 'texlive-pst-plot-doc' 'texlive-pst-poly' 'texlive-pst-poly-doc' 'texlive-pst-pulley' 'texlive-pst-pulley-doc' 'texlive-pst-qtree' 'texlive-pst-qtree-doc' 'texlive-pst-rubans' 'texlive-pst-rubans-doc' 'texlive-pst-sigsys' 'texlive-pst-sigsys-doc' 'texlive-pst-slpe' 'texlive-pst-slpe-doc' 'texlive-pst-solarsystem' 'texlive-pst-solarsystem-doc' 'texlive-pst-solides3d' 'texlive-pst-solides3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-soroban' 'texlive-pst-soroban-doc' 'texlive-pst-spectra' 'texlive-pst-spectra-doc' 'texlive-pst-spirograph' 'texlive-pst-spirograph-doc' 'texlive-pst-stru' 'texlive-pst-stru-doc' 'texlive-pst-support' 'texlive-pst-text' 'texlive-pst-text-doc' 'texlive-pst-thick' 'texlive-pst-thick-doc' 'texlive-pst-tools' 'texlive-pst-tools-doc' 'texlive-pst-tree' 'texlive-pst-tree-doc' 'texlive-pst-tvz' 'texlive-pst-tvz-doc' 'texlive-pst-uml' 'texlive-pst-uml-doc' 'texlive-pst-vectorian' 'texlive-pst-vectorian-doc' 'texlive-pst-vowel' 'texlive-pst-vowel-doc' 'texlive-pst-vue3d' 'texlive-pst-vue3d-doc' 'texlive-pst2pdf' 'texlive-pst2pdf-bin' 'texlive-pst2pdf-doc' 'texlive-pstool' 'texlive-pstool-doc' 'texlive-pstools' 'texlive-pstools-bin' 'texlive-pstools-doc' 'texlive-pstricks' 'texlive-pstricks-add' 'texlive-pstricks-add-doc' 'texlive-pstricks-doc' 'texlive-pstricks-examples' 'texlive-pstricks-examples-en' 'texlive-pstricks_calcnotes' 'texlive-psu-thesis' 'texlive-psu-thesis-doc' 'texlive-ptex' 'texlive-ptex-base' 'texlive-ptex-base-doc' 'texlive-ptex-bin' 'texlive-ptex-doc' 'texlive-ptex-fonts' 'texlive-ptex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-ptex-fonts-fonts' 'texlive-ptex2pdf' 'texlive-ptex2pdf-bin' 'texlive-ptex2pdf-doc' 'texlive-ptexenc-devel' 'texlive-ptext' 'texlive-ptext-doc' 'texlive-ptptex' 'texlive-ptptex-doc' 'texlive-punk' 'texlive-punk-doc' 'texlive-punk-latex' 'texlive-punk-latex-doc' 'texlive-punknova' 'texlive-punknova-doc' 'texlive-punknova-fonts' 'texlive-purifyeps' 'texlive-purifyeps-bin' 'texlive-purifyeps-doc' 'texlive-pxbase' 'texlive-pxbase-doc' 'texlive-pxchfon' 'texlive-pxchfon-doc' 'texlive-pxcjkcat' 'texlive-pxcjkcat-doc' 'texlive-pxfonts' 'texlive-pxfonts-doc' 'texlive-pxfonts-fonts' 'texlive-pxgreeks' 'texlive-pxgreeks-doc' 'texlive-pxjahyper' 'texlive-pxjahyper-doc' 'texlive-pxpgfmark' 'texlive-pxpgfmark-doc' 'texlive-pxrubrica' 'texlive-pxrubrica-doc' 'texlive-pxtxalfa' 'texlive-pxtxalfa-doc' 'texlive-pygmentex' 'texlive-pygmentex-bin' 'texlive-pygmentex-doc' 'texlive-python' 'texlive-python-doc' 'texlive-pythontex' 'texlive-pythontex-bin' 'texlive-pythontex-doc' 'texlive-qcircuit' 'texlive-qcircuit-doc' 'texlive-qcm' 'texlive-qcm-doc' 'texlive-qobitree' 'texlive-qobitree-doc' 'texlive-qpxqtx' 'texlive-qpxqtx-doc' 'texlive-qrcode' 'texlive-qrcode-doc' 'texlive-qstest' 'texlive-qstest-doc' 'texlive-qsymbols' 'texlive-qsymbols-doc' 'texlive-qtree' 'texlive-qtree-doc' 'texlive-quattrocento' 'texlive-quattrocento-doc' 'texlive-quattrocento-fonts' 'texlive-quotchap' 'texlive-quotchap-doc' 'texlive-quoting' 'texlive-quoting-doc' 'texlive-quotmark' 'texlive-quotmark-doc' 'texlive-quran' 'texlive-quran-doc' 'texlive-r_und_s' 'texlive-r_und_s-doc' 'texlive-raleway' 'texlive-raleway-doc' 'texlive-raleway-fonts' 'texlive-ran_toks' 'texlive-ran_toks-doc' 'texlive-randbild' 'texlive-randbild-doc' 'texlive-randomwalk' 'texlive-randomwalk-doc' 'texlive-randtext' 'texlive-randtext-doc' 'texlive-rccol' 'texlive-rccol-doc' 'texlive-rcs' 'texlive-rcs-doc' 'texlive-rcs-multi' 'texlive-rcs-multi-doc' 'texlive-rcsinfo' 'texlive-rcsinfo-doc' 'texlive-readarray' 'texlive-readarray-doc' 'texlive-realboxes' 'texlive-realboxes-doc' 'texlive-realscripts' 'texlive-realscripts-doc' 'texlive-rec-thy' 'texlive-rec-thy-doc' 'texlive-recipe' 'texlive-recipe-doc' 'texlive-recipebook' 'texlive-recipebook-doc' 'texlive-recipecard' 'texlive-recipecard-doc' 'texlive-rectopma' 'texlive-rectopma-doc' 'texlive-recycle' 'texlive-recycle-doc' 'texlive-recycle-fonts' 'texlive-refcheck' 'texlive-refcheck-doc' 'texlive-refenums' 'texlive-refenums-doc' 'texlive-reflectgraphics' 'texlive-reflectgraphics-doc' 'texlive-refman' 'texlive-refman-doc' 'texlive-refstyle' 'texlive-refstyle-doc' 'texlive-regcount' 'texlive-regcount-doc' 'texlive-regexpatch' 'texlive-regexpatch-doc' 'texlive-register' 'texlive-register-doc' 'texlive-regstats' 'texlive-regstats-doc' 'texlive-reledmac' 'texlive-reledmac-doc' 'texlive-relenc' 'texlive-relenc-doc' 'texlive-relsize' 'texlive-relsize-doc' 'texlive-reotex' 'texlive-reotex-doc' 'texlive-repeatindex' 'texlive-repeatindex-doc' 'texlive-repere' 'texlive-repere-doc' 'texlive-repltext' 'texlive-repltext-doc' 'texlive-resphilosophica' 'texlive-resphilosophica-doc' 'texlive-resumecls' 'texlive-resumecls-doc' 'texlive-resumemac' 'texlive-resumemac-doc' 'texlive-reverxii' 'texlive-revtex' 'texlive-revtex-doc' 'texlive-revtex4' 'texlive-revtex4-doc' 'texlive-ribbonproofs' 'texlive-ribbonproofs-doc' 'texlive-rjlparshap' 'texlive-rjlparshap-doc' 'texlive-rlepsf' 'texlive-rlepsf-doc' 'texlive-rmathbr' 'texlive-rmathbr-doc' 'texlive-rmpage' 'texlive-rmpage-doc' 'texlive-roboto' 'texlive-roboto-doc' 'texlive-roboto-fonts' 'texlive-robustcommand' 'texlive-robustcommand-doc' 'texlive-robustindex' 'texlive-robustindex-doc' 'texlive-roex' 'texlive-romanbar' 'texlive-romanbar-doc' 'texlive-romanbarpagenumber' 'texlive-romanbarpagenumber-doc' 'texlive-romande' 'texlive-romande-doc' 'texlive-romande-fonts' 'texlive-romanneg' 'texlive-romanneg-doc' 'texlive-romannum' 'texlive-romannum-doc' 'texlive-rosario' 'texlive-rosario-doc' 'texlive-rosario-fonts' 'texlive-rotating' 'texlive-rotating-doc' 'texlive-rotfloat' 'texlive-rotfloat-doc' 'texlive-rotpages' 'texlive-rotpages-doc' 'texlive-roundbox' 'texlive-roundbox-doc' 'texlive-roundrect' 'texlive-roundrect-doc' 'texlive-rrgtrees' 'texlive-rrgtrees-doc' 'texlive-rsc' 'texlive-rsc-doc' 'texlive-rsfs' 'texlive-rsfs-doc' 'texlive-rsfs-fonts' 'texlive-rsfso' 'texlive-rsfso-doc' 'texlive-rterface' 'texlive-rterface-doc' 'texlive-rtkinenc' 'texlive-rtkinenc-doc' 'texlive-rtklage' 'texlive-rtklage-doc' 'texlive-rubik' 'texlive-rubik-bin' 'texlive-rubik-doc' 'texlive-ruhyphen' 'texlive-rulercompass' 'texlive-rulercompass-doc' 'texlive-russ' 'texlive-russ-doc' 'texlive-rviewport' 'texlive-rviewport-doc' 'texlive-rvwrite' 'texlive-rvwrite-doc' 'texlive-ryethesis' 'texlive-ryethesis-doc' 'texlive-sa-tikz' 'texlive-sa-tikz-doc' 'texlive-sageep' 'texlive-sageep-doc' 'texlive-sanskrit' 'texlive-sanskrit-doc' 'texlive-sanskrit-t1' 'texlive-sanskrit-t1-doc' 'texlive-sanskrit-t1-fonts' 'texlive-sansmath' 'texlive-sansmath-doc' 'texlive-sansmathaccent' 'texlive-sansmathaccent-doc' 'texlive-sansmathfonts' 'texlive-sansmathfonts-doc' 'texlive-sansmathfonts-fonts' 'texlive-sapthesis' 'texlive-sapthesis-doc' 'texlive-sasnrdisplay' 'texlive-sasnrdisplay-doc' 'texlive-sauerj' 'texlive-sauerj-doc' 'texlive-sauter' 'texlive-sauterfonts' 'texlive-sauterfonts-doc' 'texlive-savefnmark' 'texlive-savefnmark-doc' 'texlive-savesym' 'texlive-savetrees' 'texlive-savetrees-doc' 'texlive-scale' 'texlive-scale-doc' 'texlive-scalebar' 'texlive-scalebar-doc' 'texlive-scalerel' 'texlive-scalerel-doc' 'texlive-scanpages' 'texlive-scanpages-doc' 'texlive-schemabloc' 'texlive-schemabloc-doc' 'texlive-schemata' 'texlive-schemata-doc' 'texlive-scheme-basic' 'texlive-scheme-context' 'texlive-scheme-full' 'texlive-scheme-gust' 'texlive-scheme-medium' 'texlive-scheme-minimal' 'texlive-scheme-small' 'texlive-scheme-tetex' 'texlive-scheme-xml' 'texlive-schule' 'texlive-schule-doc' 'texlive-schulschriften' 'texlive-schulschriften-doc' 'texlive-schwalbe-chess' 'texlive-schwalbe-chess-doc' 'texlive-sciposter' 'texlive-sciposter-doc' 'texlive-sclang-prettifier' 'texlive-sclang-prettifier-doc' 'texlive-screenplay' 'texlive-screenplay-doc' 'texlive-screenplay-pkg' 'texlive-screenplay-pkg-doc' 'texlive-scrjrnl' 'texlive-scrjrnl-doc' 'texlive-scrlttr2copy' 'texlive-scrlttr2copy-doc' 'texlive-sdrt' 'texlive-sdrt-doc' 'texlive-sduthesis' 'texlive-sduthesis-doc' 'texlive-secdot' 'texlive-secdot-doc' 'texlive-section' 'texlive-section-doc' 'texlive-sectionbox' 'texlive-sectionbox-doc' 'texlive-sectsty' 'texlive-sectsty-doc' 'texlive-seealso' 'texlive-seealso-doc' 'texlive-seetexk' 'texlive-seetexk-bin' 'texlive-selectp' 'texlive-selectp-doc' 'texlive-selnolig' 'texlive-selnolig-doc' 'texlive-semantic' 'texlive-semantic-doc' 'texlive-semaphor' 'texlive-semaphor-doc' 'texlive-semaphor-fonts' 'texlive-seminar' 'texlive-seminar-doc' 'texlive-semioneside' 'texlive-semioneside-doc' 'texlive-semproc' 'texlive-semproc-doc' 'texlive-sepfootnotes' 'texlive-sepfootnotes-doc' 'texlive-sepnum' 'texlive-sepnum-doc' 'texlive-seqsplit' 'texlive-seqsplit-doc' 'texlive-serbian-apostrophe' 'texlive-serbian-apostrophe-doc' 'texlive-serbian-date-lat' 'texlive-serbian-date-lat-doc' 'texlive-serbian-def-cyr' 'texlive-serbian-def-cyr-doc' 'texlive-serbian-lig' 'texlive-serbian-lig-doc' 'texlive-sesamanuel' 'texlive-sesamanuel-doc' 'texlive-setdeck' 'texlive-setdeck-doc' 'texlive-setspace' 'texlive-setspace-doc' 'texlive-seuthesis' 'texlive-seuthesis-doc' 'texlive-seuthesix' 'texlive-seuthesix-doc' 'texlive-sf298' 'texlive-sf298-doc' 'texlive-sffms' 'texlive-sffms-doc' 'texlive-sfg' 'texlive-sfg-doc' 'texlive-sfmath' 'texlive-sgame' 'texlive-sgame-doc' 'texlive-shade' 'texlive-shade-doc' 'texlive-shadethm' 'texlive-shadethm-doc' 'texlive-shadow' 'texlive-shadow-doc' 'texlive-shadowtext' 'texlive-shadowtext-doc' 'texlive-shapepar' 'texlive-shapepar-doc' 'texlive-shapes' 'texlive-shapes-doc' 'texlive-shdoc' 'texlive-shdoc-doc' 'texlive-shipunov' 'texlive-shipunov-doc' 'texlive-shorttoc' 'texlive-shorttoc-doc' 'texlive-show2e' 'texlive-show2e-doc' 'texlive-showcharinbox' 'texlive-showcharinbox-doc' 'texlive-showdim' 'texlive-showdim-doc' 'texlive-showexpl' 'texlive-showexpl-doc' 'texlive-showhyphens' 'texlive-showhyphens-doc' 'texlive-showlabels' 'texlive-showlabels-doc' 'texlive-showtags' 'texlive-showtags-doc' 'texlive-shuffle' 'texlive-shuffle-doc' 'texlive-sidecap' 'texlive-sidecap-doc' 'texlive-sidenotes' 'texlive-sidenotes-doc' 'texlive-sides' 'texlive-sides-doc' 'texlive-signchart' 'texlive-signchart-doc' 'texlive-silence' 'texlive-silence-doc' 'texlive-simplecd' 'texlive-simplecd-doc' 'texlive-simplecv' 'texlive-simplecv-doc' 'texlive-simpler-wick' 'texlive-simpler-wick-doc' 'texlive-simplewick' 'texlive-simplewick-doc' 'texlive-simplified-latex' 'texlive-simurgh' 'texlive-simurgh-doc' 'texlive-sitem' 'texlive-sitem-doc' 'texlive-siunitx' 'texlive-siunitx-doc' 'texlive-skak' 'texlive-skak-doc' 'texlive-skaknew' 'texlive-skaknew-doc' 'texlive-skaknew-fonts' 'texlive-skb' 'texlive-skb-doc' 'texlive-skdoc' 'texlive-skdoc-doc' 'texlive-skeycommand' 'texlive-skeycommand-doc' 'texlive-skeyval' 'texlive-skeyval-doc' 'texlive-skmath' 'texlive-skmath-doc' 'texlive-skrapport' 'texlive-skrapport-doc' 'texlive-skull' 'texlive-slantsc' 'texlive-slantsc-doc' 'texlive-slideshow' 'texlive-slideshow-doc' 'texlive-smalltableof' 'texlive-smalltableof-doc' 'texlive-smartdiagram' 'texlive-smartdiagram-doc' 'texlive-smartref' 'texlive-smartref-doc' 'texlive-smartunits' 'texlive-smartunits-doc' 'texlive-snapshot' 'texlive-snapshot-doc' 'texlive-snotez' 'texlive-snotez-doc' 'texlive-songbook' 'texlive-songbook-doc' 'texlive-songs' 'texlive-songs-doc' 'texlive-sort-by-letters' 'texlive-sort-by-letters-doc' 'texlive-soton' 'texlive-soton-doc' 'texlive-soul' 'texlive-soul-doc' 'texlive-sourcecodepro' 'texlive-sourcecodepro-doc' 'texlive-sourcecodepro-fonts' 'texlive-sourcesanspro' 'texlive-sourcesanspro-doc' 'texlive-sourcesanspro-fonts' 'texlive-sourceserifpro' 'texlive-sourceserifpro-doc' 'texlive-sourceserifpro-fonts' 'texlive-spanish-mx' 'texlive-spanish-mx-doc' 'texlive-sparklines' 'texlive-sparklines-doc' 'texlive-spath3' 'texlive-spath3-doc' 'texlive-specs-a' 'texlive-spelling' 'texlive-spelling-doc' 'texlive-sphdthesis' 'texlive-sphdthesis-doc' 'texlive-spie' 'texlive-spie-doc' 'texlive-splines' 'texlive-splines-doc' 'texlive-splitbib' 'texlive-splitbib-doc' 'texlive-splitindex' 'texlive-splitindex-bin' 'texlive-splitindex-doc' 'texlive-spot' 'texlive-spot-doc' 'texlive-spotcolor' 'texlive-spotcolor-doc' 'texlive-spreadtab' 'texlive-spreadtab-doc' 'texlive-spverbatim' 'texlive-spverbatim-doc' 'texlive-sr-vorl' 'texlive-sr-vorl-doc' 'texlive-srbook-mem' 'texlive-srbook-mem-doc' 'texlive-srcltx' 'texlive-srcltx-doc' 'texlive-srcredact' 'texlive-srcredact-bin' 'texlive-srcredact-doc' 'texlive-sseq' 'texlive-sseq-doc' 'texlive-sslides' 'texlive-sslides-doc' 'texlive-stack' 'texlive-stackengine' 'texlive-stackengine-doc' 'texlive-stage' 'texlive-stage-doc' 'texlive-standalone' 'texlive-standalone-doc' 'texlive-starfont' 'texlive-starfont-doc' 'texlive-starfont-fonts' 'texlive-startex' 'texlive-startex-doc' 'texlive-statex' 'texlive-statex-doc' 'texlive-statex2' 'texlive-statex2-doc' 'texlive-statistik' 'texlive-statistik-doc' 'texlive-staves' 'texlive-staves-doc' 'texlive-staves-fonts' 'texlive-stdclsdv' 'texlive-stdclsdv-doc' 'texlive-stdpage' 'texlive-stdpage-doc' 'texlive-steinmetz' 'texlive-steinmetz-doc' 'texlive-stellenbosch' 'texlive-stellenbosch-doc' 'texlive-stex' 'texlive-stex-doc' 'texlive-stix' 'texlive-stix-doc' 'texlive-stix-fonts' 'texlive-stmaryrd' 'texlive-stmaryrd-doc' 'texlive-stmaryrd-fonts' 'texlive-storebox' 'texlive-storebox-doc' 'texlive-storecmd' 'texlive-storecmd-doc' 'texlive-stringstrings' 'texlive-stringstrings-doc' 'texlive-struktex' 'texlive-struktex-doc' 'texlive-sttools' 'texlive-sttools-doc' 'texlive-stubs' 'texlive-stubs-doc' 'texlive-sty2dtx' 'texlive-sty2dtx-bin' 'texlive-sty2dtx-doc' 'texlive-suanpan' 'texlive-suanpan-doc' 'texlive-subdepth' 'texlive-subdepth-doc' 'texlive-subeqn' 'texlive-subeqn-doc' 'texlive-subeqnarray' 'texlive-subeqnarray-doc' 'texlive-subfig' 'texlive-subfig-doc' 'texlive-subfigmat' 'texlive-subfigmat-doc' 'texlive-subfigure' 'texlive-subfigure-doc' 'texlive-subfiles' 'texlive-subfiles-doc' 'texlive-subfloat' 'texlive-subfloat-doc' 'texlive-substances' 'texlive-substances-doc' 'texlive-substitutefont' 'texlive-substitutefont-doc' 'texlive-substr' 'texlive-substr-doc' 'texlive-subsupscripts' 'texlive-subsupscripts-doc' 'texlive-sudoku' 'texlive-sudoku-doc' 'texlive-sudokubundle' 'texlive-sudokubundle-doc' 'texlive-suftesi' 'texlive-suftesi-doc' 'texlive-sugconf' 'texlive-sugconf-doc' 'texlive-superiors' 'texlive-superiors-doc' 'texlive-superiors-fonts' 'texlive-supertabular' 'texlive-supertabular-doc' 'texlive-susy' 'texlive-susy-doc' 'texlive-svg' 'texlive-svg-doc' 'texlive-svg-inkscape' 'texlive-svgcolor' 'texlive-svgcolor-doc' 'texlive-svn' 'texlive-svn-doc' 'texlive-svn-multi' 'texlive-svn-multi-bin' 'texlive-svn-multi-doc' 'texlive-svn-prov' 'texlive-svn-prov-doc' 'texlive-svninfo' 'texlive-svninfo-doc' 'texlive-svrsymbols' 'texlive-svrsymbols-doc' 'texlive-svrsymbols-fonts' 'texlive-swebib' 'texlive-swebib-doc' 'texlive-swimgraf' 'texlive-swimgraf-doc' 'texlive-syllogism' 'texlive-syllogism-doc' 'texlive-symbol' 'texlive-symbol-fonts' 'texlive-sympytexpackage' 'texlive-sympytexpackage-doc' 'texlive-synctex' 'texlive-synctex-bin' 'texlive-synctex-devel' 'texlive-synproof' 'texlive-synproof-doc' 'texlive-syntax' 'texlive-syntax-doc' 'texlive-syntrace' 'texlive-syntrace-doc' 'texlive-synttree' 'texlive-synttree-doc' 'texlive-systeme' 'texlive-systeme-doc' 'texlive-t-angles' 'texlive-t-angles-doc' 'texlive-t2' 'texlive-t2-doc' 'texlive-tabfigures' 'texlive-tabfigures-doc' 'texlive-tableaux' 'texlive-tableaux-doc' 'texlive-tablefootnote' 'texlive-tablefootnote-doc' 'texlive-tableof' 'texlive-tableof-doc' 'texlive-tablestyles' 'texlive-tablestyles-doc' 'texlive-tablists' 'texlive-tablists-doc' 'texlive-tablor' 'texlive-tablor-doc' 'texlive-tabls' 'texlive-tabls-doc' 'texlive-tabriz-thesis' 'texlive-tabriz-thesis-doc' 'texlive-tabstackengine' 'texlive-tabstackengine-doc' 'texlive-tabto-generic' 'texlive-tabto-ltx' 'texlive-tabto-ltx-doc' 'texlive-tabu' 'texlive-tabu-doc' 'texlive-tabularborder' 'texlive-tabularborder-doc' 'texlive-tabularcalc' 'texlive-tabularcalc-doc' 'texlive-tabularew' 'texlive-tabularew-doc' 'texlive-tabulars-e' 'texlive-tabulary' 'texlive-tabulary-doc' 'texlive-tabvar' 'texlive-tabvar-doc' 'texlive-tabvar-fonts' 'texlive-tagging' 'texlive-tagging-doc' 'texlive-tagpair' 'texlive-tagpair-doc' 'texlive-talk' 'texlive-talk-doc' 'texlive-tamefloats' 'texlive-tamefloats-doc' 'texlive-tamethebeast' 'texlive-tap' 'texlive-tap-doc' 'texlive-tapir' 'texlive-tapir-doc' 'texlive-tapir-fonts' 'texlive-tasks' 'texlive-tasks-doc' 'texlive-tcldoc' 'texlive-tcldoc-doc' 'texlive-tcolorbox' 'texlive-tcolorbox-doc' 'texlive-tdclock' 'texlive-tdclock-doc' 'texlive-tds' 'texlive-tdsfrmath' 'texlive-tdsfrmath-doc' 'texlive-technics' 'texlive-technics-doc' 'texlive-ted' 'texlive-ted-doc' 'texlive-templates-fenn' 'texlive-templates-sommer' 'texlive-templatetools' 'texlive-templatetools-doc' 'texlive-tempora' 'texlive-tempora-doc' 'texlive-tempora-fonts' 'texlive-tengwarscript' 'texlive-tengwarscript-doc' 'texlive-tensor' 'texlive-tensor-doc' 'texlive-termcal' 'texlive-termcal-doc' 'texlive-termlist' 'texlive-termlist-doc' 'texlive-termmenu' 'texlive-termmenu-doc' 'texlive-testhyphens' 'texlive-testhyphens-doc' 'texlive-tetex' 'texlive-tetex-bin' 'texlive-tetex-doc' 'texlive-teubner' 'texlive-teubner-doc' 'texlive-tex' 'texlive-tex-bin' 'texlive-tex-ewd' 'texlive-tex-ewd-doc' 'texlive-tex-font-errors-cheatsheet' 'texlive-tex-gyre' 'texlive-tex-gyre-doc' 'texlive-tex-gyre-fonts' 'texlive-tex-gyre-math' 'texlive-tex-gyre-math-doc' 'texlive-tex-gyre-math-fonts' 'texlive-tex-ini-files' 'texlive-tex-ini-files-doc' 'texlive-tex-label' 'texlive-tex-label-doc' 'texlive-tex-overview' 'texlive-tex-ps' 'texlive-tex-ps-doc' 'texlive-tex-refs' 'texlive-tex-virtual-academy-pl' 'texlive-tex4ebook' 'texlive-tex4ebook-bin' 'texlive-tex4ebook-doc' 'texlive-tex4ht' 'texlive-tex4ht-bin' 'texlive-tex4ht-doc' 'texlive-texapi' 'texlive-texapi-doc' 'texlive-texbytopic' 'texlive-texconfig' 'texlive-texconfig-bin' 'texlive-texconfig-doc' 'texlive-texcount' 'texlive-texcount-bin' 'texlive-texcount-doc' 'texlive-texdef' 'texlive-texdef-bin' 'texlive-texdef-doc' 'texlive-texdiff' 'texlive-texdiff-bin' 'texlive-texdiff-doc' 'texlive-texdirflatten' 'texlive-texdirflatten-bin' 'texlive-texdirflatten-doc' 'texlive-texdoc' 'texlive-texdoc-bin' 'texlive-texdoc-doc' 'texlive-texdraw' 'texlive-texdraw-doc' 'texlive-texfot' 'texlive-texfot-bin' 'texlive-texfot-doc' 'texlive-texilikechaps' 'texlive-texilikecover' 'texlive-texinfo' 'texlive-texlive-common' 'texlive-texlive-cz' 'texlive-texlive-de' 'texlive-texlive-en' 'texlive-texlive-es' 'texlive-texlive-fr' 'texlive-texlive-it' 'texlive-texlive-pl' 'texlive-texlive-ru' 'texlive-texlive-sr' 'texlive-texlive-zh-cn' 'texlive-texlive.infra' 'texlive-texlive.infra-doc' 'texlive-texliveonfly' 'texlive-texliveonfly-bin' 'texlive-texliveonfly-doc' 'texlive-texloganalyser' 'texlive-texloganalyser-bin' 'texlive-texloganalyser-doc' 'texlive-texlogos' 'texlive-texlua-devel' 'texlive-texluajit-devel' 'texlive-texmate' 'texlive-texmate-doc' 'texlive-texments' 'texlive-texments-doc' 'texlive-texpower' 'texlive-texpower-doc' 'texlive-texshade' 'texlive-texshade-doc' 'texlive-texsis' 'texlive-texsis-bin' 'texlive-texsis-doc' 'texlive-textcase' 'texlive-textcase-doc' 'texlive-textfit' 'texlive-textfit-doc' 'texlive-textglos' 'texlive-textglos-doc' 'texlive-textgreek' 'texlive-textgreek-doc' 'texlive-textmerg' 'texlive-textmerg-doc' 'texlive-textopo' 'texlive-textopo-doc' 'texlive-textpath' 'texlive-textpath-doc' 'texlive-textpos' 'texlive-textpos-doc' 'texlive-texvc' 'texlive-texvc-doc' 'texlive-texware' 'texlive-texware-bin' 'texlive-tfrupee' 'texlive-tfrupee-doc' 'texlive-tfrupee-fonts' 'texlive-thalie' 'texlive-thalie-doc' 'texlive-theoremref' 'texlive-theoremref-doc' 'texlive-thesis-ekf' 'texlive-thesis-ekf-doc' 'texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac' 'texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac-doc' 'texlive-thinsp' 'texlive-thinsp-doc' 'texlive-thmbox' 'texlive-thmbox-doc' 'texlive-thmtools' 'texlive-thmtools-doc' 'texlive-threadcol' 'texlive-threadcol-doc' 'texlive-threeddice' 'texlive-threeddice-doc' 'texlive-threeparttable' 'texlive-threeparttable-doc' 'texlive-threeparttablex' 'texlive-threeparttablex-doc' 'texlive-thumb' 'texlive-thumb-doc' 'texlive-thumbpdf' 'texlive-thumbpdf-bin' 'texlive-thumbpdf-doc' 'texlive-thumbs' 'texlive-thumbs-doc' 'texlive-thumby' 'texlive-thumby-doc' 'texlive-thuthesis' 'texlive-thuthesis-doc' 'texlive-ticket' 'texlive-ticket-doc' 'texlive-ticollege' 'texlive-ticollege-doc' 'texlive-tie' 'texlive-tie-bin' 'texlive-tikz-3dplot' 'texlive-tikz-3dplot-doc' 'texlive-tikz-bayesnet' 'texlive-tikz-bayesnet-doc' 'texlive-tikz-cd' 'texlive-tikz-cd-doc' 'texlive-tikz-dependency' 'texlive-tikz-dependency-doc' 'texlive-tikz-dimline' 'texlive-tikz-dimline-doc' 'texlive-tikz-feynman' 'texlive-tikz-feynman-doc' 'texlive-tikz-inet' 'texlive-tikz-inet-doc' 'texlive-tikz-opm' 'texlive-tikz-opm-doc' 'texlive-tikz-palattice' 'texlive-tikz-palattice-doc' 'texlive-tikz-qtree' 'texlive-tikz-qtree-doc' 'texlive-tikz-timing' 'texlive-tikz-timing-doc' 'texlive-tikzinclude' 'texlive-tikzinclude-doc' 'texlive-tikzmark' 'texlive-tikzmark-doc' 'texlive-tikzorbital' 'texlive-tikzorbital-doc' 'texlive-tikzpagenodes' 'texlive-tikzpagenodes-doc' 'texlive-tikzpfeile' 'texlive-tikzpfeile-doc' 'texlive-tikzposter' 'texlive-tikzposter-doc' 'texlive-tikzscale' 'texlive-tikzscale-doc' 'texlive-tikzsymbols' 'texlive-tikzsymbols-doc' 'texlive-times' 'texlive-times-fonts' 'texlive-timetable' 'texlive-timing-diagrams' 'texlive-timing-diagrams-doc' 'texlive-tipa' 'texlive-tipa-de' 'texlive-tipa-doc' 'texlive-tipa-fonts' 'texlive-tipfr' 'texlive-tipfr-doc' 'texlive-titlecaps' 'texlive-titlecaps-doc' 'texlive-titlefoot' 'texlive-titlepages' 'texlive-titlepic' 'texlive-titlepic-doc' 'texlive-titleref' 'texlive-titleref-doc' 'texlive-titlesec' 'texlive-titlesec-doc' 'texlive-titling' 'texlive-titling-doc' 'texlive-tkz-base' 'texlive-tkz-base-doc' 'texlive-tkz-berge' 'texlive-tkz-berge-doc' 'texlive-tkz-doc' 'texlive-tkz-doc-doc' 'texlive-tkz-euclide' 'texlive-tkz-euclide-doc' 'texlive-tkz-fct' 'texlive-tkz-fct-doc' 'texlive-tkz-graph' 'texlive-tkz-graph-doc' 'texlive-tkz-kiviat' 'texlive-tkz-kiviat-doc' 'texlive-tkz-linknodes' 'texlive-tkz-linknodes-doc' 'texlive-tkz-orm' 'texlive-tkz-orm-doc' 'texlive-tkz-tab' 'texlive-tkz-tab-doc' 'texlive-tlc2' 'texlive-tocbibind' 'texlive-tocbibind-doc' 'texlive-tocloft' 'texlive-tocloft-doc' 'texlive-tocvsec2' 'texlive-tocvsec2-doc' 'texlive-todo' 'texlive-todo-doc' 'texlive-todonotes' 'texlive-todonotes-doc' 'texlive-tokenizer' 'texlive-tokenizer-doc' 'texlive-toolbox' 'texlive-toolbox-doc' 'texlive-tools' 'texlive-tools-doc' 'texlive-topfloat' 'texlive-topfloat-doc' 'texlive-toptesi' 'texlive-toptesi-doc' 'texlive-totcount' 'texlive-totcount-doc' 'texlive-totpages' 'texlive-totpages-doc' 'texlive-tpic2pdftex' 'texlive-tpic2pdftex-bin' 'texlive-tpslifonts' 'texlive-tpslifonts-doc' 'texlive-tqft' 'texlive-tqft-doc' 'texlive-tracklang' 'texlive-tracklang-doc' 'texlive-trajan' 'texlive-trajan-doc' 'texlive-trajan-fonts' 'texlive-tram' 'texlive-tram-doc' 'texlive-translation-array-fr' 'texlive-translation-arsclassica-de' 'texlive-translation-biblatex-de' 'texlive-translation-chemsym-de' 'texlive-translation-dcolumn-fr' 'texlive-translation-ecv-de' 'texlive-translation-enumitem-de' 'texlive-translation-europecv-de' 'texlive-translation-filecontents-de' 'texlive-translation-moreverb-de' 'texlive-translation-natbib-fr' 'texlive-translation-tabbing-fr' 'texlive-translations' 'texlive-translations-doc' 'texlive-tree-dvips' 'texlive-tree-dvips-doc' 'texlive-treetex' 'texlive-treetex-doc' 'texlive-trfsigns' 'texlive-trfsigns-doc' 'texlive-trimspaces' 'texlive-trimspaces-doc' 'texlive-trivfloat' 'texlive-trivfloat-doc' 'texlive-trsym' 'texlive-trsym-doc' 'texlive-truncate' 'texlive-truncate-doc' 'texlive-tsemlines' 'texlive-ttfutils' 'texlive-ttfutils-bin' 'texlive-ttfutils-doc' 'texlive-tucv' 'texlive-tucv-doc' 'texlive-tudscr' 'texlive-tudscr-doc' 'texlive-tufte-latex' 'texlive-tufte-latex-doc' 'texlive-tugboat' 'texlive-tugboat-doc' 'texlive-tugboat-plain' 'texlive-tugboat-plain-doc' 'texlive-tui' 'texlive-tui-doc' 'texlive-turabian' 'texlive-turabian-doc' 'texlive-turabian-formatting' 'texlive-turabian-formatting-doc' 'texlive-turkmen' 'texlive-turkmen-doc' 'texlive-turnstile' 'texlive-turnstile-doc' 'texlive-turnthepage' 'texlive-turnthepage-doc' 'texlive-twoinone' 'texlive-twoinone-doc' 'texlive-twoup' 'texlive-twoup-doc' 'texlive-txfonts' 'texlive-txfonts-doc' 'texlive-txfonts-fonts' 'texlive-txfontsb' 'texlive-txfontsb-doc' 'texlive-txfontsb-fonts' 'texlive-txgreeks' 'texlive-txgreeks-doc' 'texlive-type1cm' 'texlive-type1cm-doc' 'texlive-typed-checklist' 'texlive-typed-checklist-doc' 'texlive-typeface' 'texlive-typeface-doc' 'texlive-typehtml' 'texlive-typehtml-doc' 'texlive-typeoutfileinfo' 'texlive-typeoutfileinfo-bin' 'texlive-typeoutfileinfo-doc' 'texlive-typicons' 'texlive-typicons-doc' 'texlive-typicons-fonts' 'texlive-typogrid' 'texlive-typogrid-doc' 'texlive-uaclasses' 'texlive-uaclasses-doc' 'texlive-uafthesis' 'texlive-uafthesis-doc' 'texlive-uantwerpendocs' 'texlive-uantwerpendocs-doc' 'texlive-uassign' 'texlive-uassign-doc' 'texlive-ucbthesis' 'texlive-ucbthesis-doc' 'texlive-ucdavisthesis' 'texlive-ucdavisthesis-doc' 'texlive-ucharcat' 'texlive-ucharcat-doc' 'texlive-ucharclasses' 'texlive-ucharclasses-doc' 'texlive-ucs' 'texlive-ucs-doc' 'texlive-ucthesis' 'texlive-ucthesis-doc' 'texlive-udesoftec' 'texlive-udesoftec-doc' 'texlive-uebungsblatt' 'texlive-uebungsblatt-doc' 'texlive-uestcthesis' 'texlive-uestcthesis-doc' 'texlive-uhc' 'texlive-uhc-doc' 'texlive-uhc-fonts' 'texlive-uhrzeit' 'texlive-uhrzeit-doc' 'texlive-uiucredborder' 'texlive-uiucredborder-doc' 'texlive-uiucthesis' 'texlive-uiucthesis-doc' 'texlive-ukrhyph' 'texlive-ukrhyph-doc' 'texlive-ulem' 'texlive-ulem-doc' 'texlive-ulqda' 'texlive-ulqda-bin' 'texlive-ulqda-doc' 'texlive-ulthese' 'texlive-ulthese-doc' 'texlive-umich-thesis' 'texlive-umich-thesis-doc' 'texlive-uml' 'texlive-uml-doc' 'texlive-umlaute' 'texlive-umlaute-doc' 'texlive-umoline' 'texlive-umoline-doc' 'texlive-umthesis' 'texlive-umthesis-doc' 'texlive-umtypewriter' 'texlive-umtypewriter-fonts' 'texlive-unamth-template' 'texlive-unamthesis' 'texlive-unamthesis-doc' 'texlive-underlin' 'texlive-underlin-doc' 'texlive-underoverlap' 'texlive-underoverlap-doc' 'texlive-underscore' 'texlive-underscore-doc' 'texlive-undolabl' 'texlive-undolabl-doc' 'texlive-uni-wtal-ger' 'texlive-uni-wtal-ger-doc' 'texlive-uni-wtal-lin' 'texlive-uni-wtal-lin-doc' 'texlive-unicode-data' 'texlive-unicode-data-doc' 'texlive-unicode-math' 'texlive-unicode-math-doc' 'texlive-unisugar' 'texlive-unisugar-doc' 'texlive-units' 'texlive-units-doc' 'texlive-unitsdef' 'texlive-unitsdef-doc' 'texlive-universa' 'texlive-universa-doc' 'texlive-universalis' 'texlive-universalis-doc' 'texlive-universalis-fonts' 'texlive-unravel' 'texlive-unravel-doc' 'texlive-unswcover' 'texlive-unswcover-doc' 'texlive-uothesis' 'texlive-uothesis-doc' 'texlive-uowthesis' 'texlive-uowthesis-doc' 'texlive-uowthesistitlepage' 'texlive-uowthesistitlepage-doc' 'texlive-upca' 'texlive-upca-doc' 'texlive-updmap-map' 'texlive-uplatex' 'texlive-uplatex-bin' 'texlive-uplatex-doc' 'texlive-upmethodology' 'texlive-upmethodology-doc' 'texlive-upquote' 'texlive-upquote-doc' 'texlive-uptex' 'texlive-uptex-base' 'texlive-uptex-base-doc' 'texlive-uptex-bin' 'texlive-uptex-fonts' 'texlive-uptex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-urcls' 'texlive-urcls-doc' 'texlive-uri' 'texlive-uri-doc' 'texlive-url' 'texlive-url-doc' 'texlive-urlbst' 'texlive-urlbst-bin' 'texlive-urlbst-doc' 'texlive-urwchancal' 'texlive-urwchancal-doc' 'texlive-usebib' 'texlive-usebib-doc' 'texlive-ushort' 'texlive-ushort-doc' 'texlive-uspatent' 'texlive-uspatent-doc' 'texlive-ut-thesis' 'texlive-ut-thesis-doc' 'texlive-utf8mex' 'texlive-utf8mex-doc' 'texlive-utopia' 'texlive-utopia-doc' 'texlive-utopia-fonts' 'texlive-uwmslide' 'texlive-uwmslide-doc' 'texlive-uwthesis' 'texlive-uwthesis-doc' 'texlive-vak' 'texlive-vak-doc' 'texlive-vancouver' 'texlive-vancouver-doc' 'texlive-variations' 'texlive-variations-doc' 'texlive-varindex' 'texlive-varindex-doc' 'texlive-varisize' 'texlive-varisize-doc' 'texlive-varsfromjobname' 'texlive-varsfromjobname-doc' 'texlive-varwidth' 'texlive-varwidth-doc' 'texlive-vaucanson-g' 'texlive-vaucanson-g-doc' 'texlive-vdmlisting' 'texlive-vdmlisting-doc' 'texlive-velthuis' 'texlive-velthuis-doc' 'texlive-velthuis-fonts' 'texlive-venn' 'texlive-venn-doc' 'texlive-venndiagram' 'texlive-venndiagram-doc' 'texlive-venturisadf' 'texlive-venturisadf-doc' 'texlive-venturisadf-fonts' 'texlive-verbasef' 'texlive-verbasef-doc' 'texlive-verbatimbox' 'texlive-verbatimbox-doc' 'texlive-verbatimcopy' 'texlive-verbatimcopy-doc' 'texlive-verbdef' 'texlive-verbdef-doc' 'texlive-verbments' 'texlive-verbments-doc' 'texlive-verse' 'texlive-verse-doc' 'texlive-version' 'texlive-version-doc' 'texlive-versions' 'texlive-versions-doc' 'texlive-versonotes' 'texlive-versonotes-doc' 'texlive-vertbars' 'texlive-vertbars-doc' 'texlive-vgrid' 'texlive-vgrid-doc' 'texlive-vhistory' 'texlive-vhistory-doc' 'texlive-visualfaq' 'texlive-visualpstricks' 'texlive-visualtikz' 'texlive-vlna' 'texlive-vlna-bin' 'texlive-vmargin' 'texlive-vmargin-doc' 'texlive-vntex' 'texlive-vntex-doc' 'texlive-vntex-fonts' 'texlive-vocaltract' 'texlive-vocaltract-doc' 'texlive-volumes' 'texlive-volumes-doc' 'texlive-voss-mathcol' 'texlive-voss-mathmode' 'texlive-vpe' 'texlive-vpe-bin' 'texlive-vpe-doc' 'texlive-vruler' 'texlive-vruler-doc' 'texlive-vwcol' 'texlive-vwcol-doc' 'texlive-wadalab' 'texlive-wadalab-doc' 'texlive-wadalab-fonts' 'texlive-wallpaper' 'texlive-wallpaper-doc' 'texlive-warning' 'texlive-warning-doc' 'texlive-warpcol' 'texlive-warpcol-doc' 'texlive-was' 'texlive-was-doc' 'texlive-wasy' 'texlive-wasy-doc' 'texlive-wasy2-ps' 'texlive-wasy2-ps-doc' 'texlive-wasy2-ps-fonts' 'texlive-wasysym' 'texlive-wasysym-doc' 'texlive-web' 'texlive-web-bin' 'texlive-webguide' 'texlive-widetable' 'texlive-widetable-doc' 'texlive-williams' 'texlive-williams-doc' 'texlive-withargs' 'texlive-withargs-doc' 'texlive-wnri' 'texlive-wnri-doc' 'texlive-wnri-latex' 'texlive-wnri-latex-doc' 'texlive-wordlike' 'texlive-wordlike-doc' 'texlive-wrapfig' 'texlive-wrapfig-doc' 'texlive-wsemclassic' 'texlive-wsemclassic-doc' 'texlive-wsuipa' 'texlive-wsuipa-doc' 'texlive-xargs' 'texlive-xargs-doc' 'texlive-xassoccnt' 'texlive-xassoccnt-doc' 'texlive-xcharter' 'texlive-xcharter-doc' 'texlive-xcharter-fonts' 'texlive-xcite' 'texlive-xcite-doc' 'texlive-xcjk2uni' 'texlive-xcjk2uni-doc' 'texlive-xcolor' 'texlive-xcolor-doc' 'texlive-xcolor-solarized' 'texlive-xcolor-solarized-doc' 'texlive-xcomment' 'texlive-xcomment-doc' 'texlive-xcookybooky' 'texlive-xcookybooky-doc' 'texlive-xdoc' 'texlive-xdoc-doc' 'texlive-xduthesis' 'texlive-xduthesis-doc' 'texlive-xdvi' 'texlive-xdvi-bin' 'texlive-xdvi-doc' 'texlive-xebaposter' 'texlive-xebaposter-doc' 'texlive-xecjk' 'texlive-xecjk-doc' 'texlive-xecolor' 'texlive-xecolor-doc' 'texlive-xecyr' 'texlive-xecyr-doc' 'texlive-xeindex' 'texlive-xeindex-doc' 'texlive-xellipsis' 'texlive-xellipsis-doc' 'texlive-xepersian' 'texlive-xepersian-doc' 'texlive-xesearch' 'texlive-xesearch-doc' 'texlive-xespotcolor' 'texlive-xespotcolor-doc' 'texlive-xetex' 'texlive-xetex-bin' 'texlive-xetex-def' 'texlive-xetex-def-doc' 'texlive-xetex-devanagari' 'texlive-xetex-devanagari-doc' 'texlive-xetex-doc' 'texlive-xetex-itrans' 'texlive-xetex-itrans-doc' 'texlive-xetex-pstricks' 'texlive-xetex-pstricks-doc' 'texlive-xetex-tibetan' 'texlive-xetex-tibetan-doc' 'texlive-xetexconfig' 'texlive-xetexfontinfo' 'texlive-xetexfontinfo-doc' 'texlive-xetexko' 'texlive-xetexko-doc' 'texlive-xetexref' 'texlive-xevlna' 'texlive-xevlna-doc' 'texlive-xfor' 'texlive-xfor-doc' 'texlive-xgreek' 'texlive-xgreek-doc' 'texlive-xhfill' 'texlive-xhfill-doc' 'texlive-xifthen' 'texlive-xifthen-doc' 'texlive-xii' 'texlive-xint' 'texlive-xint-doc' 'texlive-xits' 'texlive-xits-doc' 'texlive-xits-fonts' 'texlive-xkeyval' 'texlive-xkeyval-doc' 'texlive-xlop' 'texlive-xlop-doc' 'texlive-xltxtra' 'texlive-xltxtra-doc' 'texlive-xmltex' 'texlive-xmltex-bin' 'texlive-xmltex-doc' 'texlive-xmltexconfig' 'texlive-xmpincl' 'texlive-xmpincl-doc' 'texlive-xnewcommand' 'texlive-xnewcommand-doc' 'texlive-xoptarg' 'texlive-xoptarg-doc' 'texlive-xpatch' 'texlive-xpatch-doc' 'texlive-xpeek' 'texlive-xpeek-doc' 'texlive-xpiano' 'texlive-xpiano-doc' 'texlive-xpicture' 'texlive-xpicture-doc' 'texlive-xpinyin' 'texlive-xpinyin-doc' 'texlive-xprintlen' 'texlive-xprintlen-doc' 'texlive-xpunctuate' 'texlive-xpunctuate-doc' 'texlive-xq' 'texlive-xq-doc' 'texlive-xsavebox' 'texlive-xsavebox-doc' 'texlive-xskak' 'texlive-xskak-doc' 'texlive-xstring' 'texlive-xstring-doc' 'texlive-xtab' 'texlive-xtab-doc' 'texlive-xunicode' 'texlive-xunicode-doc' 'texlive-xwatermark' 'texlive-xwatermark-doc' 'texlive-xyling' 'texlive-xyling-doc' 'texlive-xymtex' 'texlive-xymtex-doc' 'texlive-xypic' 'texlive-xypic-doc' 'texlive-xypic-fonts' 'texlive-xypic-tut-pt' 'texlive-xytree' 'texlive-xytree-doc' 'texlive-yafoot' 'texlive-yafoot-doc' 'texlive-yagusylo' 'texlive-yagusylo-doc' 'texlive-yannisgr' 'texlive-yannisgr-doc' 'texlive-yathesis' 'texlive-yathesis-doc' 'texlive-yax' 'texlive-yax-doc' 'texlive-ycbook' 'texlive-ycbook-doc' 'texlive-ydoc' 'texlive-ydoc-doc' 'texlive-yfonts' 'texlive-yfonts-doc' 'texlive-yfonts-t1' 'texlive-yfonts-t1-doc' 'texlive-yfonts-t1-fonts' 'texlive-yhmath' 'texlive-yhmath-doc' 'texlive-yhmath-fonts' 'texlive-yinit-otf' 'texlive-yinit-otf-doc' 'texlive-yinit-otf-fonts' 'texlive-york-thesis' 'texlive-york-thesis-doc' 'texlive-youngtab' 'texlive-youngtab-doc' 'texlive-yplan' 'texlive-yplan-bin' 'texlive-yplan-doc' 'texlive-ytableau' 'texlive-ytableau-doc' 'texlive-zapfchan' 'texlive-zapfchan-fonts' 'texlive-zapfding' 'texlive-zapfding-fonts' 'texlive-zed-csp' 'texlive-zed-csp-doc' 'texlive-zhmetrics' 'texlive-zhmetrics-doc' 'texlive-zhmetrics-uptex' 'texlive-zhmetrics-uptex-doc' 'texlive-zhnumber' 'texlive-zhnumber-doc' 'texlive-zhspacing' 'texlive-zhspacing-doc' 'texlive-ziffer' 'texlive-ziffer-doc' 'texlive-zlmtt' 'texlive-zlmtt-doc' 'texlive-zwgetfdate' 'texlive-zwgetfdate-doc' 'texlive-zwpagelayout' 'texlive-zwpagelayout-doc' 'texlive-zxjafbfont' 'texlive-zxjafbfont-doc' 'texlive-zxjafont' 'texlive-zxjafont-doc' 'texlive-zxjatype' 'texlive-zxjatype-doc' 'texmaker' 'texmath' 'texstudio' 'texworks' 'texworks-plugin-lua' 'texworks-plugin-python' 'tftp' 'tftp' 'tftpboot-installation-openSUSE-Leap-42.3-x86_64' 'tgt' 'thai-fonts' 'the_silver_searcher' 'the_silver_searcher' 'thermald' 'thessalonica-oldstandard-otf-fonts' 'thessalonica-oldstandard-ttf-fonts' 'thessalonica-tempora-lgc-otf-fonts' 'thessalonica-tempora-lgc-ttf-fonts' 'thessalonica-theano-otf-fonts' 'thessalonica-theano-ttf-fonts' 'thin-provisioning-tools' 'threadweaver-devel' 'threadweaver-devel-32bit' 'thrift' 'thryomanes-fonts' 'thttpd' 'thunar' 'thunar-devel' 'thunar-lang' 'thunar-plugin-archive' 'thunar-plugin-archive-lang' 'thunar-plugin-media-tags' 'thunar-plugin-media-tags-lang' 'thunar-plugin-shares' 'thunar-plugin-shares-lang' 'thunar-plugin-vcs' 'thunar-plugin-vcs-lang' 'thunar-sendto-blueman' 'thunar-volman' 'thunar-volman-branding-openSUSE' 'thunar-volman-branding-upstream' 'thunar-volman-lang' 'thunderbird' 'tibetan-machine-uni-fonts' 'tidy' 'tidy-doc' 'tidyp' 'tiff' 'tiff' 'tig' 'tigervnc' 'tigervnc' 'tilda' 'tilda-lang' 'tilde' 'tiled' 'time' 'timezone' 'timezone' 'timezone-java' 'timezone-java' 'timidity' 'timidity' 'tint2' 'tint2-lang' 'tintii' 'tinyb-devel' 'tinyca2' 'tinygettext-devel' 'tinyproxy' 'tinyxml-devel' 'tinyxml-docs' 'tinyxml2' 'tinyxml2-debugsource' 'tinyxml2-devel' 'tiobench' 'tipcutils' 'tix' 'tk' 'tk' 'tk-32bit' 'tk-devel' 'tkdiff' 'tkfont' 'tkimg' 'tkimg-devel' 'tkinfo' 'tkirc' 'tkman' 'tktable' 'tkxcd' 'tlp' 'tlp-rdw' 'tls' 'tmate' 'tmon' 'tmpwatch' 'tmux' 'tmux-powerline' 'tmxtools' 'tn5250' 'tn5250-devel' 'tnef' 'tnef' 'tnftp' 'tntdb-doc' 'tntdb-mysql' 'tntdb-postgresql' 'tntdb-replicate' 'tntdb-sqlite' 'tntnet' 'tntnet' 'tntnet-debuginfo' 'tntnet-debugsource' 'tog-pegasus' 'tog-pegasus-devel' 'tog-pegasus-libs' 'tog-pegasus-test' 'togaII-131' 'togaII-131' 'togaII-131-debuginfo' 'togaII-134' 'togaII-134' 'togaII-134-debuginfo' 'togaII-141' 'togaII-141' 'togaII-142' 'togaII-142' 'togaII-142-debuginfo' 'tokyocabinet' 'tokyocabinet-cgi' 'tokyocabinet-testsuite' 'tolua' 'tolua' 'tolua-debuginfo' 'tolua-debugsource' 'toluapp-5.1' 'tomahawk' 'tomahawk-kde' 'tomatoes' 'tomcat' 'tomcat' 'tomcat-admin-webapps' 'tomcat-docs-webapp' 'tomcat-el-3_0-api' 'tomcat-embed' 'tomcat-javadoc' 'tomcat-jsp-2_3-api' 'tomcat-jsvc' 'tomcat-lib' 'tomcat-servlet-3_1-api' 'tomcat-webapps' 'tomoe' 'tomoe-devel' 'tomoe-doc' 'tomoe-gtk' 'tomoe-gtk-devel' 'tomoe-gtk-doc' 'tomoe-gtk-lang' 'tomoyo-tools' 'topal' 'topal' 'tor' 'tor' 'torbrowser-apparmor-profile' 'torbrowser-launcher' 'torbrowser-launcher' 'torbrowser-launcher-lang' 'torrentinfo' 'torrentinfo' 'torsocks' 'totem' 'totem-devel' 'totem-lang' 'totem-pl-parser' 'totem-pl-parser-devel' 'totem-pl-parser-lang' 'totem-plugin-gnome-dvb-daemon' 'totem-plugin-zeitgeist' 'totem-plugins' 'touchegg' 'touchegg-gui' 'tovid' 'tovid' 'tpm-tools' 'tpm-tools-devel' 'tpm-tools-pkcs11' 'tpm2-0-tss' 'tpm2-0-tss-devel' 'tpm2.0-tools' 'trace-cmd' 'traceroute' 'tracker' 'tracker-devel' 'tracker-gui' 'tracker-lang' 'tracker-miner-files' 'tracker-miner-rss' 'trader' 'trader-lang' 'tragtor' 'tragtor' 'trang' 'transactional-update' 'transcode' 'transcode' 'transcode-debuginfo' 'transcode-debugsource' 'transconnect' 'transfig' 'transfig' 'transifex-client' 'translate-shell' 'translate-toolkit' 'translate-toolkit' 'translate-toolkit-devel-doc' 'translation-update' 'translation-update-ar' 'translation-update-as' 'translation-update-ast' 'translation-update-be' 'translation-update-be-latin' 'translation-update-bg' 'translation-update-bn' 'translation-update-bn_IN' 'translation-update-ca' 'translation-update-ca-valencia' 'translation-update-cs' 'translation-update-da' 'translation-update-de' 'translation-update-dz' 'translation-update-el' 'translation-update-en' 'translation-update-en-shaw' 'translation-update-en_CA' 'translation-update-en_GB' 'translation-update-en_US' 'translation-update-eo' 'translation-update-es' 'translation-update-et' 'translation-update-eu' 'translation-update-fa' 'translation-update-fi' 'translation-update-fr' 'translation-update-ga' 'translation-update-gl' 'translation-update-gu' 'translation-update-he' 'translation-update-hi' 'translation-update-hr' 'translation-update-hu' 'translation-update-ia' 'translation-update-id' 'translation-update-is' 'translation-update-it' 'translation-update-ja' 'translation-update-kk' 'translation-update-km' 'translation-update-kn' 'translation-update-ko' 'translation-update-lt' 'translation-update-lv' 'translation-update-mai' 'translation-update-mk' 'translation-update-ml' 'translation-update-mr' 'translation-update-nb' 'translation-update-nb_NO' 'translation-update-nds' 'translation-update-ne' 'translation-update-nl' 'translation-update-nn' 'translation-update-or' 'translation-update-pa' 'translation-update-pl' 'translation-update-pt' 'translation-update-pt_BR' 'translation-update-pt_PT' 'translation-update-ro' 'translation-update-ru' 'translation-update-sk' 'translation-update-sl' 'translation-update-sq' 'translation-update-sr' 'translation-update-sr-ije' 'translation-update-sr-latin' 'translation-update-sv' 'translation-update-ta' 'translation-update-te' 'translation-update-th' 'translation-update-tr' 'translation-update-ug' 'translation-update-uk' 'translation-update-upstream' 'translation-update-vi' 'translation-update-wa' 'translation-update-zh_CN' 'translation-update-zh_HK' 'translation-update-zh_TW' 'transmageddon' 'transmageddon-lang' 'transmission' 'transmission-common' 'transmission-daemon' 'transmission-gtk' 'transmission-gtk-lang' 'transmission-qt' 'transmission-qt-lang' 'transset' 'trapproto-devel' 'tre' 'tre' 'tre-devel' 'tre-lang' 'tree' 'treeline' 'trigger-rally' 'trinity' 'tripwire' 'trojita' 'trousers' 'trousers-devel' 'trustedgrub' 'trustedgrub2' 'trustedgrub2-i386-pc' 'tryton' 'tryton' 'trytond' 'trytond' 'trytond_account' 'trytond_account' 'trytond_account_invoice' 'trytond_account_invoice_stock' 'trytond_account_product' 'trytond_calendar' 'trytond_company' 'trytond_company' 'trytond_country' 'trytond_currency' 'trytond_currency' 'trytond_party' 'trytond_product' 'trytond_product' 'trytond_purchase' 'trytond_purchase' 'trytond_purchase_request' 'trytond_purchase_request' 'trytond_stock' 'trytond_stock' 'trytond_stock_lot' 'trytond_stock_supply' 'tse3' 'tse3-devel' 'tslib' 'tslib-devel' 'tslib-devel-32bit' 'tslib-plugins' 'tsung' 'ttaenc' 'ttaenc' 'ttaenc-debuginfo' 'ttf2pt1' 'tuladha-jejeg-fonts' 'tumbler' 'tumbler' 'tumbler-devel' 'tumbler-doc' 'tumbler-lang' 'tunapie' 'tunapie' 'tunctl' 'tuned' 'tuned-gtk' 'tuned-profiles-atomic' 'tuned-profiles-sap' 'tuned-profiles-sap-hana' 'tuned-utils' 'tuned-utils-systemtap' 'tupi' 'tupi' 'tupi-debuginfo' 'tupi-debugsource' 'tupi-plugins' 'tupi-plugins-debuginfo' 'turing' 'turing' 'turing-devel' 'turnpike' 'turpial' 'tuxcursors' 'tuxpaint' 'tuxpaint-config' 'tuxpaint-config-lang' 'tuxpaint-devel' 'tuxpaint-stamps' 'tuxpaint-stamps-animals' 'tuxpaint-stamps-clothes' 'tuxpaint-stamps-food' 'tuxpaint-stamps-hobbies' 'tuxpaint-stamps-household' 'tuxpaint-stamps-medical' 'tuxpaint-stamps-military' 'tuxpaint-stamps-naturalforces' 'tuxpaint-stamps-people' 'tuxpaint-stamps-plants' 'tuxpaint-stamps-seasonal' 'tuxpaint-stamps-space' 'tuxpaint-stamps-sports' 'tuxpaint-stamps-symbols' 'tuxpaint-stamps-town' 'tuxpaint-stamps-vehicles' 'tv-common' 'tv-fonts' 'tvbrowser' 'tvflash' 'tvheadend' 'tvnamer' 'tvnamer' 'tvtime' 'twemoji-color-font' 'twilio-utils' 'twinkle' 'twm' 'twolame' 'twolame' 'twolame-debuginfo' 'twolame-debugsource' 'txt2man' 'txt2tags' 'typelib-1_0-Accounts-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-AccountsService-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Anjuta-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-AppIndicator-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-AppIndicator3-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-AppStream-1.0' 'typelib-1_0-AppStreamBuilder-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-AppStreamGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Atk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-AtrilDocument-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-AtrilView-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-Atspi-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Avahi-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-Bamf-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-BraseroBurn-3_2_0' 'typelib-1_0-BraseroMedia-3_2_0' 'typelib-1_0-BuzztraxCore-1_1' 'typelib-1_0-BuzztraxIc-1_1' 'typelib-1_0-CMenu-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Caja-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Caribou-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Champlain-0_12' 'typelib-1_0-Cheese-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-CinnamonDesktop-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-CjsPrivate-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Clutter-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-ClutterGst-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-ClutterGst-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Cogl-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Cogl-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-CoglGst-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-CoglPango-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-CoglPango-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-ColorHug-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Colord-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-ColordGtk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-CryptUI-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Cvc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Dbusmenu-0_4' 'typelib-1_0-DbusmenuGtk-0_4' 'typelib-1_0-DbusmenuGtk3-0_4' 'typelib-1_0-Dee-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-EBook-1_2' 'typelib-1_0-EBookContacts-1_2' 'typelib-1_0-EDataServer-1_2' 'typelib-1_0-Eek-0_90' 'typelib-1_0-Eom-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-EvinceDocument-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-EvinceView-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Farstream-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-Farstream-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-Fcitx-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Flatpak-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Folks-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-FolksEds-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-FolksTelepathy-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-FolksTracker-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-GData-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-GES-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GExiv2-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GFBGraph-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-GMenu-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GMime-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-GOffice-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GPaste-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GSSDP-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GSound-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GSystem-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GTop-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnP-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPAV-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPDLNA-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPDLNAGst-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPIgd-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUdev-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUsb-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GVnc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GVncPulse-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GWeather-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GXPS-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-Gck-1' 'typelib-1_0-Gcr-3' 'typelib-1_0-GcrUi-3' 'typelib-1_0-Gda-5_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gdaui-5_0' 'typelib-1_0-GdkPixbuf-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gdl-3' 'typelib-1_0-Gdm-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gee-0_8' 'typelib-1_0-Gee-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Geoclue-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GeocodeGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Ggit-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gitg-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GitgExt-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GjsPrivate-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gladeui-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeAutoar-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeAutoarGtk-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeBluetooth-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeDesktop-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeKeyring-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GoVirt-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Goa-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gom-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GooCanvas-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Granite-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Grl-0_3' 'typelib-1_0-GrlNet-0_3' 'typelib-1_0-GrlPls-0_3' 'typelib-1_0-Grss-0_7' 'typelib-1_0-Gsf-1' 'typelib-1_0-Gspell-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gst-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-Gst-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstAllocators-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstApp-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GstApp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstAudio-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstFft-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstInterfaces-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GstPbutils-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstRtp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstRtsp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstRtspServer-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstSdp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstTag-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstTranscoder-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstValidate-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstVideo-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gtd-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gtk-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gtk-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkClutter-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkSource-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkSpell-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkVnc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkVnc-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gucharmap-2_90' 'typelib-1_0-IBus-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Ido3-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-4_0' 'typelib-1_0-Json-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Keybinder-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Keybinder-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Libmsi-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Libosinfo-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtGConfig-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtGLib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtGObject-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtSandbox-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LightDM-1' 'typelib-1_0-MateDesktop-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-MateMenu-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-MatePanelApplet-4_0' 'typelib-1_0-Matekbd-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-MediaArt-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-MediaArt-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Memphis-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-Meta-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-MetaMuffin-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-ModemManager-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-NM-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-NMClient-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-NMGtk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Nautilus-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Nemo-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-NetworkManager-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Notify-0_7' 'typelib-1_0-OSTree-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-OsmGpsMap-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-PackageKitGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Pango-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Peas-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-PeasGtk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Pluma-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Polari-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Polkit-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-PolkitGtkMate-1.0' 'typelib-1_0-Poppler-0_18' 'typelib-1_0-Rest-0_7' 'typelib-1_0-Rsvg-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-RygelCore-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-RygelRenderer-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-RygelRendererGst-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-RygelServer-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-Secret-1' 'typelib-1_0-Signon-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Skk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-SocialWebClient-0_25' 'typelib-1_0-Soup-2_4' 'typelib-1_0-SpiceClientGlib-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-SpiceClientGtk-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-TelepathyFarstream-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-TelepathyGlib-0_12' 'typelib-1_0-TelepathyLogger-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-TotemPlParser-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Tracker-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-TrackerControl-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-TrackerMiner-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-UDisks-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Uhm-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Unique-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Unique-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-UpowerGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Urfkill-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Vips-8_0' 'typelib-1_0-Vte-2.91' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit2-4_0' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit2WebExtension-4_0' 'typelib-1_0-Wnck-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Wnck-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-XApp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-XdgApp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Xkl-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-XplayerPlParser-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-XreaderDocument-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-XreaderView-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-Zeitgeist-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Zpj-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-gSignon-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-gSignond-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-kkc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-libmirage-3_0' 'tzdb' 'u-boot-tools' 'u2f-host' 'u2f-server' 'u3-tool' 'uClibc' 'uClibc-devel' 'uae' 'uae' 'uae-debuginfo' 'uae-debugsource' 'ubuntu-fonts' 'ubuntu-mate-icon-theme' 'ubuntu-mate-wallpapers' 'ubuntu-mono-icon-theme' 'uchardet' 'uchardet' 'uchardet-debuginfo' 'uchardet-debugsource' 'ucm' 'ucode-amd' 'ucode-intel' 'ucode-intel' 'ucode-intel-blob' 'ucommon' 'ucommon-devel' 'ucpp' 'ucpp-devel' 'udav' 'udev' 'udev-browse' 'udev-configure-printer' 'udev-mini' 'udev-persistent-ifnames' 'udftools' 'udhcp' 'udisks2' 'udisks2-devel' 'udisks2-lang' 'udt' 'udt-debugsource' 'udt-devel' 'udt-doc' 'ufiformat' 'ufraw' 'ufraw-lang' 'ufw' 'ufw-lang' 'uget' 'uget-lang' 'uhd-devel' 'uhd-doc' 'uhd-firmware' 'uhd-udev' 'uhttpmock-devel' 'uid_wrapper' 'uisp' 'ullae-veliyae' 'ulogd' 'ulogd-mysql' 'ulogd-pcap' 'ulogd-pgsql' 'ulogd-sqlite3' 'umbrello' 'uml-utilities' 'umoci' 'un-fonts' 'unar' 'unbound' 'unbound-anchor' 'unbound-devel' 'unbound-munin' 'unbound-python' 'unclutter' 'uncrustify' 'unetbootin' 'unibilium-devel' 'unicode-ucd' 'unicode-ucd-unihan' 'unifdef' 'unifraktur-fonts' 'unionfs-fuse' 'uniraum' 'uniraum' 'uniraum-debuginfo' 'uniraum-debugsource' 'uniraum-devel' 'unison' 'units' 'unittest-cpp' 'unittest-cpp-devel' 'unity-gtk-module-common' 'unity-gtk2-module' 'unity-gtk3-module' 'unixODBC' 'unixODBC' 'unixODBC-32bit' 'unixODBC-devel' 'unixbench' 'unmass' 'unoconv' 'unpaper' 'unrar' 'unsermake' 'unshield' 'unzip' 'unzip-doc' 'unzip-rcc' 'unzix' 'update-alternatives' 'update-bootloader-rpm-macros' 'update-desktop-files' 'update-test-32bit-pkg' 'update-test-32bit-pkg-32bit' 'update-test-affects-package-manager' 'update-test-feature' 'update-test-interactive' 'update-test-optional' 'update-test-reboot-needed' 'update-test-relogin-suggested' 'update-test-security' 'update-test-trivial' 'update_test' 'uperf' 'upnp-inspector' 'upower' 'upower-lang' 'upx' 'upx' 'urbanlightscape' 'urcu-docs' 'urfkill' 'uriparse' 'urlscan' 'urlview' 'urlwatch' 'urxvt-font-size' 'urxvt-perls' 'us428control' 'usb_modeswitch' 'usb_modeswitch-data' 'usbip' 'usbip-devel' 'usbmuxd' 'usbprog' 'usbprog-devel' 'usbprog-gui' 'usbredir' 'usbredir-devel' 'usbutils' 'usbview' 'ushare' 'usnic_tools' 'usx2yloader' 'utempter-devel' 'utempter-devel-32bit' 'utf8proc-devel' 'utfcpp-devel' 'uthash' 'util-linux' 'util-linux' 'util-linux-lang' 'util-linux-systemd' 'util-linux-systemd' 'util-macros-devel' 'utils-libnfs' 'utils-libnfs-debuginfo' 'uucp' 'uucp-xinetd' 'uudeview' 'uuid-devel' 'uuidd' 'uvcdynctrl' 'uwsgi' 'uwsgi-emperor_pg' 'uwsgi-emperor_zeromq' 'uwsgi-geoip' 'uwsgi-gevent' 'uwsgi-glusterfs' 'uwsgi-greenlet' 'uwsgi-jvm' 'uwsgi-ldap' 'uwsgi-libffi' 'uwsgi-logzmq' 'uwsgi-lua' 'uwsgi-pam' 'uwsgi-psgi' 'uwsgi-pypy' 'uwsgi-python' 'uwsgi-python3' 'uwsgi-sqlite3' 'uwsgi-xslt' 'v4l-conf' 'v4l-tools' 'v4l-utils' 'v4l-utils-devel-tools' 'v4l-utils-lang' 'v8' 'v8-devel' 'v8-private-headers-devel' 'vaapi-dummy-driver' 'vaapi-intel-driver' 'vaapi-intel-driver-32bit' 'vaapi-tools' 'vaapi-wayland-tools' 'vacation' 'vacuum-im' 'vacuum-im-devel' 'vacuum-im-lang' 'vacuum-im-plugins-dbusnotifications' 'vacuum-im-plugins-gmailnotify' 'vacuum-im-plugins-kinotifications' 'vacuum-im-plugins-spellchecker' 'vacuum-im-plugins-usermood' 'vacuum-im-plugins-usertune' 'vala' 'vala-panel' 'vala-panel-appmenu-lang' 'vala-panel-devel' 'vala-panel-extras-battery' 'vala-panel-extras-gtop' 'vala-panel-extras-lang' 'vala-panel-extras-volume' 'vala-panel-extras-weather' 'vala-panel-extras-xkb' 'vala-panel-extras-xkb-flags' 'vala-panel-lang' 'vala-panel-plugin-appmenu' 'vala-panel-plugin-sntray' 'vala-panel-plugin-sntray-lang' 'vala-panel-plugins-base' 'vala-panel-plugins-wnck' 'valgrind' 'valgrind-devel' 'vamp-aubio-plugins' 'vamp-aubio-plugins' 'vamp-aubio-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamp-libxtract-plugins' 'vamp-libxtract-plugins' 'vamp-libxtract-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamp-match-plugin' 'vamp-match-plugin' 'vamp-match-plugin-debuginfo' 'vamp-match-plugin-debugsource' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins-debugsource' 'vamp-plugin-sdk' 'vamp-plugin-sdk-devel' 'vamp-plugin-tester' 'vamp-plugin-tester' 'vamp-plugin-tester-debuginfo' 'vamp-plugin-tester-debugsource' 'vamp-qm-plugins' 'vamp-qm-plugins' 'vamp-qm-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamps' 'vamps' 'variety' 'varnish' 'varnish-devel' 'vbrfix' 'vbrfix' 'vbrfix-debuginfo' 'vbrfix-debugsource' 'vcdimager' 'vcdimager-devel' 'vclt-tools' 'vclt-tools' 'vcron' 'vcsh' 'vcsh-zsh-completion' 'vde2' 'vde2-cryptcab' 'vde2-slirp' 'vdr' 'vdr-devel' 'vdr-devel-doc' 'vdr-lang' 'vdr-plugin-epgsearch' 'vdr-plugin-femon' 'vdr-plugin-mcli' 'vdr-plugin-mcli' 'vdr-plugin-mcli-debuginfo' 'vdr-plugin-mcli-debugsource' 'vdr-plugin-remote' 'vdr-plugin-satip' 'vdr-plugin-streamdev-client' 'vdr-plugin-streamdev-server' 'vdr-plugin-xineliboutput' 'vdr-xineliboutput-client' 'vegastrike' 'vegastrike-data' 'vegastrike-extra' 'vegastrike-music' 'vegastrike-speech' 'verilator' 'verilator-doc' 'verilator-doc-pdf' 'verilator-examples' 'veusz' 'vhba-kmp' 'vhba-kmp-default' 'vhostmd' 'viber' 'vid_stab' 'vid_stab-debugsource' 'vidcutter' 'vidcutter' 'videoporama' 'videoporama' 'videoproto-devel' 'viewnior' 'viewnior-lang' 'viewres' 'viewvc' 'vifm' 'vifm-colors' 'vigra-devel' 'vim' 'vim-data' 'vim-plugin-NERDcommenter' 'vim-plugin-NERDtree' 'vim-plugin-a' 'vim-plugin-ack' 'vim-plugin-align' 'vim-plugin-bufexplorer' 'vim-plugin-calendar' 'vim-plugin-colorschemes' 'vim-plugin-colorsel' 'vim-plugin-conky' 'vim-plugin-devhelp' 'vim-plugin-diffchanges' 'vim-plugin-editorconfig' 'vim-plugin-fugitive' 'vim-plugin-gitdiff' 'vim-plugin-gnupg' 'vim-plugin-latex' 'vim-plugin-locateopen' 'vim-plugin-matrix' 'vim-plugin-minibufexpl' 'vim-plugin-multiplesearch' 'vim-plugin-nginx' 'vim-plugin-powerline' 'vim-plugin-project' 'vim-plugin-quilt' 'vim-plugin-rails' 'vim-plugin-searchcomplete' 'vim-plugin-showmarks' 'vim-plugin-snipmate' 'vim-plugin-supertab' 'vim-plugin-taglist' 'vim-plugin-tlib' 'vim-plugin-tregisters' 'vim-plugin-tselectbuffer' 'vim-plugin-tselectfiles' 'vim-plugin-utl' 'vim-plugin-vimwiki' 'vim-plugin-zoomwin' 'vimpc' 'vimpc' 'vimpc-debuginfo' 'vimpc-debugsource' 'vinagre' 'vinagre-lang' 'vino' 'vino-lang' 'vips-doc' 'vips-tools' 'virglrenderer-devel' 'virglrenderer-test-server' 'virt-install' 'virt-manager' 'virt-manager' 'virt-manager-common' 'virt-p2v' 'virt-sandbox' 'virt-top' 'virt-v2v' 'virt-viewer' 'virt-what' 'virtaal' 'virtaal-lang' 'virtualbox' 'virtualbox' 'virtualbox-devel' 'virtualbox-guest-desktop-icons' 'virtualbox-guest-kmp-default' 'virtualbox-guest-source' 'virtualbox-guest-tools' 'virtualbox-guest-x11' 'virtualbox-host-kmp-default' 'virtualbox-host-source' 'virtualbox-qt' 'virtualbox-vnc' 'virtualbox-websrv' 'virtuoso-drivers' 'virtuoso-server' 'visualjackm' 'visualjackm' 'visualjackm-debuginfo' 'visualjackm-debugsource' 'vivaldi' 'vivaldi' 'vivaldi-debuginfo' 'vkeybd' 'vlan' 'vlc' 'vlc' 'vlc-beta' 'vlc-beta' 'vlc-beta-codecs' 'vlc-beta-codecs-debuginfo' 'vlc-beta-debuginfo' 'vlc-beta-debugsource' 'vlc-beta-devel' 'vlc-beta-noX' 'vlc-beta-noX-debuginfo' 'vlc-beta-noX-lang' 'vlc-beta-qt' 'vlc-beta-qt-debuginfo' 'vlc-codec-gstreamer' 'vlc-codecs' 'vlc-codecs-debuginfo' 'vlc-debuginfo' 'vlc-debugsource' 'vlc-devel' 'vlc-gnome' 'vlc-gnome-debuginfo' 'vlc-lang' 'vlc-noX' 'vlc-noX-debuginfo' 'vlc-noX-lang' 'vlc-qt' 'vlc-qt-debuginfo' 'vlgothic-fonts' 'vlmc' 'vlmc' 'vlmc-debuginfo' 'vlmc-debugsource' 'vlock' 'vm-dump-metrics' 'vm-dump-metrics-devel' 'vm-install' 'vm-install' 'vmmlib' 'vmmlib-devel' 'vmmlib-doc' 'vms-empire' 'vncmanager' 'vncmanager' 'vncmanager-controller' 'vncmanager-controller-gnome' 'vncmanager-greeter' 'vnstat' 'vnstat-cgi' 'vo-aacenc' 'vo-aacenc-debugsource' 'vo-amrwbenc' 'vo-amrwbenc-debugsource' 'vobcopy' 'vobcopy' 'vobcopy-debuginfo' 'vobcopy-debugsource' 'vodovod' 'voikkospell' 'voip' 'vokoscreen' 'vokoscreen' 'vokoscreen-debuginfo' 'vokoscreen-debugsource' 'vollkorn-fonts' 'volti' 'volti' 'vorbis-tools' 'vorbis-tools-lang' 'vorbisgain' 'votca-tools-devel' 'voxelands' 'vpcs' 'vpnc' 'vpx-tools' 'vsftpd' 'vsftpd' 'vsqlite++-devel' 'vsqlite++-doc' 'vtcl' 'vte-devel' 'vte-lang' 'vte-tools' 'vte016-sharp' 'vte2-devel' 'vte2-lang' 'vte2-tools' 'vtk' 'vtk-devel' 'vtk-examples' 'vtk-java' 'vtk-qt' 'vtk-tcl' 'vtkdata' 'vulkan' 'vulkan-devel' 'vusb-analyzer' 'vusb-analyzer' 'vym' 'w3c-markup-validator' 'w3c-markup-validator-libs' 'w3m' 'w3m-inline-image' 'w3mir' 'w_scan' 'wadptr' 'waf' 'waffle' 'waffle-devel' 'wallpaper-branding-openSUSE' 'wallstreet' 'waltham-devel' 'wammu' 'wammu-lang' 'wang-fonts' 'warzone2100' 'warzone2100-data' 'watchman' 'watchman-python' 'wavemon' 'wavpack' 'wavpack' 'wavpack-devel' 'wayland-devel' 'wayland-devel-32bit' 'wbxml2-tools' 'wcd' 'wcslib-devel' 'wcslib-doc' 'wcslib-tools' 'wdfs' 'wdiff' 'wdiff-lang' 'weather-wallpaper' 'weather-wallpaper-lang' 'webalizer' 'webalizer-flags' 'webdot' 'webenginepart' 'webkit-jsc-1' 'webkit-jsc-3' 'webkit-jsc-4' 'webkit-sharp' 'webkit2gtk-4_0-injected-bundles' 'webkit2gtk3' 'webkit2gtk3-devel' 'webkit2gtk3-plugin-process-gtk2' 'webkitgtk-sharp' 'webkitgtk-sharp-devel' 'webrtc-audio-processing' 'webrtc-audio-processing-debugsource' 'websocketpp-devel' 'weechat' 'weechat' 'weechat-aspell' 'weechat-devel' 'weechat-guile' 'weechat-lang' 'weechat-lua' 'weechat-perl' 'weechat-python' 'weechat-ruby' 'weechat-tcl' 'werken-xpath' 'werken-xpath-javadoc' 'wesnoth' 'wesnoth-campaign-server' 'wesnoth-data' 'wesnoth-fslayout' 'wesnoth-server' 'wesnoth-tools' 'weston' 'weston-devel' 'wget' 'wget' 'wgetpaste' 'when-command' 'when-command-lang' 'whfc' 'which' 'whohas' 'whois' 'wicked' 'wicked' 'wicked-service' 'wiggle' 'wiiuse-devel' 'wine' 'wine-32bit' 'wine-devel' 'wine-devel-32bit' 'wine-gecko' 'wine-gecko' 'wine-mp3' 'wine-mp3-32bit' 'wine-mp3-debuginfo-32bit' 'wineasio' 'wineasio' 'wineasio-debuginfo' 'wineasio-debugsource' 'winff' 'winff' 'winff-debuginfo' 'winff-debugsource' 'winff-lang' 'winrs' 'wipe' 'wireless-regdb' 'wireless-regdb' 'wireless-tools' 'wireshark' 'wireshark' 'wireshark-devel' 'wireshark-ui-gtk' 'wireshark-ui-qt' 'withlock' 'wizznic' 'wlc-devel' 'wm-icons' 'wmakerconf' 'wmctrl' 'wmgui' 'wminput' 'wmpomme' 'wnck-sharp' 'wodim' 'wol' 'wondershaper' 'woof' 'woof' 'wordcut' 'wordcut-devel' 'wordnet' 'wordnet-devel' 'words' 'words-british' 'words-canadian' 'wpa_supplicant' 'wpa_supplicant' 'wpa_supplicant-gui' 'wput' 'wput' 'wput-debuginfo' 'wput-debugsource' 'wput-lang' 'wqy-bitmap-fonts' 'wqy-microhei-fonts' 'wqy-zenhei-fonts' 'writerperfect' 'wrk' 'ws-jaxme' 'ws-jaxme-javadoc' 'ws-jaxme-manual' 'wsdl4j' 'wsdl4j-javadoc' 'wslay' 'wslay-devel' 'wsmancli' 'wt' 'wt-dbo' 'wt-devel' 'wt-doc' 'wumpus' 'wv' 'wv-devel' 'wv2-devel' 'wvdial' 'wvstreams' 'wvstreams-devel' 'wwwoffle' 'wxMaxima' 'wxMaxima' 'wxWidgets-3_0' 'wxWidgets-3_0-devel' 'wxWidgets-3_0-devel-32bit' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-debugsource' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-devel' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-devel-debuginfo' 'wxWidgets-3_0-plugin-sound_sdlu-3_0' 'wxWidgets-3_0-plugin-sound_sdlu-3_0-32bit' 'wxWidgets-ansi-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-ansi-devel' 'wxWidgets-ansi-plugin-sound_sdl-2_8-wxcontainer' 'wxWidgets-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-devel' 'wxWidgets-docs' 'wxWidgets-fedora-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-lang' 'wxWidgets-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-stl' 'wxWidgets-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-stl-32bit' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer-devel' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-wxcontainer' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-devel' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-wxcontainer24c' 'wxcam' 'wxcam' 'wxcam-debuginfo' 'wxcam-debugsource' 'wxhexeditor' 'wxhexeditor-lang' 'wxlua' 'wxlua-devel' 'wxsqlite3' 'wxsqlite3-debugsource' 'wxsqlite3-devel' 'wxstedit' 'wxstedit-devel' 'wxsvg' 'wxsvg' 'wxsvg-debuginfo' 'wxsvg-debugsource' 'wyrd' 'wyrmsun' 'x-tile' 'x-tile-lang' 'x11' 'x11-japanese-bitmap-fonts' 'x11-tools' 'x11perf' 'x11vnc' 'x11vnc-frontend' 'x264' 'x264-debuginfo' 'x265' 'x265' 'x265-debuginfo' 'x265-debugsource' 'x2x' 'x3270' 'x86' 'x86info' 'xalan-c' 'xalan-j2' 'xalan-j2-demo' 'xalan-j2-manual' 'xalan-j2-xsltc' 'xano-mincho-fonts' 'xaos' 'xaos-lang' 'xapian-core' 'xapian-core-doc' 'xapian-core-examples' 'xapps-common' 'xar' 'xauth' 'xautolock' 'xautomation' 'xaw3dd' 'xawtv' 'xbacklight' 'xbanish' 'xbase' 'xbase-devel' 'xbase-doc' 'xbench' 'xbiff' 'xbindkeys' 'xbitmaps' 'xbitmaps-devel' 'xboard' 'xboard' 'xboard-debuginfo' 'xboard-debugsource' 'xbomb' 'xboxdrv' 'xbrlapi' 'xbsql' 'xbsql-devel' 'xcalc' 'xcalib' 'xcalib-profiles' 'xcb' 'xcb-proto-devel' 'xcb-util-cursor-devel' 'xcb-util-cursor-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-devel' 'xcb-util-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-errors-devel' 'xcb-util-image-devel' 'xcb-util-image-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-keysyms-devel' 'xcb-util-keysyms-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-renderutil-devel' 'xcb-util-renderutil-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-wm-devel' 'xcb-util-wm-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-xrm-devel' 'xcfa' 'xcfa' 'xcfa-debuginfo' 'xcfa-lang' 'xchm' 'xclass' 'xclass-devel' 'xclip' 'xclipboard' 'xclock' 'xcm' 'xcmiscproto-devel' 'xcmsdb' 'xcolors' 'xcompmgr' 'xconsole' 'xcoral' 'xcowsay' 'xcursor-themes' 'xcursorgen' 'xdbedizzy' 'xdelta' 'xdelta-devel' 'xdelta3' 'xdemorse' 'xdemorse' 'xdemorse-debuginfo' 'xdemorse-debugsource' 'xdg-app' 'xdg-app-devel' 'xdg-desktop-portal' 'xdg-desktop-portal-devel' 'xdg-desktop-portal-gtk' 'xdg-desktop-portal-gtk-lang' 'xdg-desktop-portal-kde' 'xdg-desktop-portal-kde' 'xdg-desktop-portal-kde-lang' 'xdg-desktop-portal-lang' 'xdg-menu' 'xdg-user-dirs' 'xdg-user-dirs-gtk' 'xdg-user-dirs-gtk-lang' 'xdg-user-dirs-lang' 'xdg-utils' 'xdiskusage' 'xditview' 'xdm' 'xdm-xsession' 'xdmbgrd' 'xdmsc' 'xdotool' 'xdotool-devel' 'xdpyinfo' 'xdriinfo' 'xed' 'xed-devel' 'xed-lang' 'xedit' 'xemacs' 'xemacs-el' 'xemacs-info' 'xemacs-packages' 'xemacs-packages-el' 'xemacs-packages-info' 'xen' 'xen' 'xen-devel' 'xen-doc-html' 'xen-libs' 'xen-libs-32bit' 'xen-tools' 'xen-tools-domU' 'xen_server' 'xengine' 'xerces-c' 'xerces-j2' 'xerces-j2' 'xerces-j2-demo' 'xerces-j2-scripts' 'xerces-j2-xml-apis' 'xerces-j2-xml-resolver' 'xev' 'xextproto-devel' 'xeyes' 'xf86-input-evdev' 'xf86-input-evdev-devel' 'xf86-input-joystick' 'xf86-input-joystick-devel' 'xf86-input-keyboard' 'xf86-input-libinput' 'xf86-input-libinput-devel' 'xf86-input-mouse' 'xf86-input-mouse-devel' 'xf86-input-synaptics' 'xf86-input-synaptics-devel' 'xf86-input-vmmouse' 'xf86-input-void' 'xf86-input-wacom' 'xf86-input-wacom-devel' 'xf86-video-amdgpu' 'xf86-video-ark' 'xf86-video-ast' 'xf86-video-ati' 'xf86-video-chips' 'xf86-video-cirrus' 'xf86-video-dummy' 'xf86-video-fbdev' 'xf86-video-fbturbo' 'xf86-video-glint' 'xf86-video-i128' 'xf86-video-intel' 'xf86-video-intel-32bit' 'xf86-video-mach64' 'xf86-video-mga' 'xf86-video-neomagic' 'xf86-video-nouveau' 'xf86-video-nv' 'xf86-video-openchrome' 'xf86-video-qxl' 'xf86-video-r128' 'xf86-video-savage' 'xf86-video-siliconmotion' 'xf86-video-sis' 'xf86-video-sisusb' 'xf86-video-tdfx' 'xf86-video-tga' 'xf86-video-trident' 'xf86-video-v4l' 'xf86-video-vesa' 'xf86-video-vmware' 'xf86-video-voodoo' 'xf86bigfontproto-devel' 'xf86dga' 'xf86dgaproto-devel' 'xf86driproto-devel' 'xf86miscproto-devel' 'xf86rushproto-devel' 'xf86vidmodeproto-devel' 'xfburn' 'xfburn-lang' 'xfce' 'xfce4-appfinder' 'xfce4-appfinder-lang' 'xfce4-dev-tools' 'xfce4-dict' 'xfce4-dict-lang' 'xfce4-icon-theme' 'xfce4-mixer' 'xfce4-mixer-lang' 'xfce4-notifyd' 'xfce4-notifyd-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-notifyd-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-notifyd-lang' 'xfce4-panel' 'xfce4-panel-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-panel-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-panel-devel' 'xfce4-panel-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-appmenu' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-battery' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-battery-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-clipman' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-clipman-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpufreq' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpufreq-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpugraph' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpugraph-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-datetime' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-datetime-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-dict' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-diskperf' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-diskperf-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-eyes' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-eyes-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-fsguard' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-fsguard-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-genmon' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-genmon-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mailwatch' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mailwatch-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mixer' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mount' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mount-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mpc' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mpc-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-multiload-nandhp' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-netload' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-netload-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-netspeed' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-notes' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-notes-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-places' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-places-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-power-manager' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-pulseaudio' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-screenshooter' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors-devel' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-smartbookmark' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-smartbookmark-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sntray' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-systemload' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-systemload-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timeout' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timeout-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timer' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timer-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-verve' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-verve-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-wavelan' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-wavelan-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-weather' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-weather' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-weather-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-whiskermenu' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-whiskermenu-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-xkb' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-xkb-lang' 'xfce4-power-manager' 'xfce4-power-manager-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-power-manager-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-power-manager-lang' 'xfce4-screenshooter' 'xfce4-screenshooter' 'xfce4-screenshooter-lang' 'xfce4-session' 'xfce4-session-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-session-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-session-devel' 'xfce4-session-lang' 'xfce4-settings' 'xfce4-settings' 'xfce4-settings-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-settings-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-settings-lang' 'xfce4-splash-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-taskmanager' 'xfce4-taskmanager-lang' 'xfce4-terminal' 'xfce4-terminal-lang' 'xfce4-vala' 'xfce4-volumed' 'xfce4-volumed-pulse' 'xfconf' 'xfconf-lang' 'xfd' 'xfdesktop' 'xfdesktop' 'xfdesktop-branding-openSUSE' 'xfdesktop-branding-upstream' 'xfdesktop-lang' 'xfig' 'xfindproxy' 'xfishtank' 'xflr5' 'xfmpc' 'xfmpc-lang' 'xfontsel' 'xfs' 'xfsdump' 'xfsinfo' 'xfsprogs' 'xfsprogs-devel' 'xfwm4' 'xfwm4-branding-openSUSE' 'xfwm4-branding-upstream' 'xfwm4-lang' 'xfwm4-themes' 'xfwp' 'xfwpcnm' 'xfwpcnm' 'xfwpcnm-debuginfo' 'xgalaga++' 'xgamma' 'xgc' 'xgnokii' 'xgrabsc' 'xhfsutil' 'xhost' 'xhtml-dtd' 'xiccd' 'xindy' 'xindy-doc' 'xindy-rules' 'xine-browser-plugin' 'xine-browser-plugin' 'xine-browser-plugin-debuginfo' 'xine-browser-plugin-debugsource' 'xine-lib' 'xine-lib-debugsource' 'xine-skins' 'xine-skins' 'xine-ui' 'xine-ui' 'xine-ui-32bit' 'xine-ui-debuginfo' 'xine-ui-debugsource' 'xineramaproto-devel' 'xinetd' 'xinetd' 'xinit' 'xinput' 'xiphos' 'xiterm' 'xjadeo' 'xjadeo' 'xjadeo-debuginfo' 'xjadeo-debugsource' 'xkbcomp' 'xkbcomp-devel' 'xkbevd' 'xkbprint' 'xkbutils' 'xkeyboard-config' 'xkeyboard-config-lang' 'xkeycaps' 'xkill' 'xl2tpd' 'xl2tpd-doc' 'xless' 'xli' 'xload' 'xlockmore' 'xlogin' 'xlogo' 'xls2csv' 'xlsatoms' 'xlsclients' 'xlsfonts' 'xmag' 'xmahjongg' 'xman' 'xmanja' 'xmessage' 'xmgrace' 'xmgrace-devel' 'xmh' 'xmined' 'xml-commons' 'xml-commons-apis-bootstrap' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.1-apis' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.1-apis-manual' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.2-apis' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.2-apis-manual' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.3-apis' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.3-apis-manual' 'xml-commons-resolver-bootstrap' 'xml-commons-resolver10' 'xml-commons-resolver11' 'xml-commons-resolver12' 'xml-commons-which-bootstrap' 'xml-commons-which10' 'xml-commons-which11' 'xml-group-manager' 'xml-im-exporter' 'xml-im-exporter-javadoc' 'xml-security-c-bin' 'xml2po' 'xml2po-devel' 'xmlbeans' 'xmlbeans-mini' 'xmlbeans-scripts' 'xmlcharent' 'xmldb-api' 'xmldb-api-javadoc' 'xmldb-api-sdk' 'xmldb-common' 'xmlformat' 'xmlgraphics-batik' 'xmlgraphics-batik-demo' 'xmlgraphics-batik-rasterizer' 'xmlgraphics-batik-slideshow' 'xmlgraphics-batik-squiggle' 'xmlgraphics-batik-svgpp' 'xmlgraphics-batik-ttf2svg' 'xmlgraphics-commons' 'xmlgraphics-commons-javadoc' 'xmlgraphics-fop' 'xmlrpc-c-devel' 'xmlsec1' 'xmlsec1' 'xmlsec1-debuginfo' 'xmlsec1-debugsource' 'xmlsec1-devel' 'xmlsec1-gcrypt-devel' 'xmlsec1-gnutls-devel' 'xmlsec1-nss-devel' 'xmlsec1-openssl-devel' 'xmlstarlet' 'xmlto' 'xmltooling' 'xmltooling-schemas' 'xmltv' 'xmltv' 'xmltv-grabbers' 'xmlunit' 'xmlunit-javadoc' 'xmms2' 'xmms2-devel' 'xmms2-docs' 'xmms2-perl' 'xmms2-plugin-airplay' 'xmms2-plugin-ao' 'xmms2-plugin-apefile' 'xmms2-plugin-asf' 'xmms2-plugin-asx' 'xmms2-plugin-base' 'xmms2-plugin-cdda' 'xmms2-plugin-cue' 'xmms2-plugin-curl' 'xmms2-plugin-daap' 'xmms2-plugin-flac' 'xmms2-plugin-flv' 'xmms2-plugin-gvfs' 'xmms2-plugin-html' 'xmms2-plugin-ices' 'xmms2-plugin-icymetaint' 'xmms2-plugin-id3v2' 'xmms2-plugin-jack' 'xmms2-plugin-karaoke' 'xmms2-plugin-m3u' 'xmms2-plugin-modplug' 'xmms2-plugin-mp4' 'xmms2-plugin-musepack' 'xmms2-plugin-normalize' 'xmms2-plugin-ofa' 'xmms2-plugin-pulse' 'xmms2-plugin-samba' 'xmms2-plugin-speex' 'xmms2-plugin-tta' 'xmms2-plugin-vocoder' 'xmms2-plugin-wave' 'xmms2-plugin-wavpack' 'xmms2-ruby' 'xmobar' 'xmodmap' 'xmonad' 'xmoontool' 'xmore' 'xmorph' 'xmorph-devel' 'xmoto' 'xmoto-data' 'xmp' 'xnoise' 'xnoise-lang' 'xom' 'xonotic' 'xonotic' 'xonotic' 'xonotic-data' 'xonotic-server' 'xorg-cf-files' 'xorg-docs' 'xorg-scripts' 'xorg-sgml-doctools' 'xorg-x11' 'xorg-x11-Xvnc' 'xorg-x11-devel' 'xorg-x11-driver-input' 'xorg-x11-driver-video' 'xorg-x11-essentials' 'xorg-x11-fonts' 'xorg-x11-fonts-core' 'xorg-x11-libX11-ccache' 'xorg-x11-libs' 'xorg-x11-server' 'xorg-x11-server' 'xorg-x11-server-Xspice' 'xorg-x11-server-extra' 'xorg-x11-server-sdk' 'xorg-x11-server-source' 'xorg-x11-util-devel' 'xorriso' 'xortool' 'xosd' 'xosd-devel' 'xosview' 'xournal' 'xpaint' 'xpaint' 'xpaint-debuginfo' 'xpaint-debugsource' 'xpaint-devel' 'xpenguins' 'xpinguin' 'xplanet' 'xplayer' 'xplayer-browser-plugin' 'xplayer-browser-plugin-gmp' 'xplayer-browser-plugin-vegas' 'xplayer-devel' 'xplayer-lang' 'xplayer-plparser' 'xplayer-plparser-devel' 'xplayer-plparser-lang' 'xplayer-plugin-zeitgeist' 'xplayer-plugins' 'xplsprinters' 'xpp2' 'xpp2-demo' 'xpp2-javadoc' 'xpp2-manual' 'xpp3' 'xpp3-javadoc' 'xpp3-minimal' 'xpr' 'xpra' 'xpra' 'xpra-debuginfo' 'xpra-debugsource' 'xprehashprinterlist' 'xprintidle' 'xprompt' 'xprop' 'xproto-devel' 'xproxymngproto-devel' 'xquarto' 'xrandr' 'xrdb' 'xrdp' 'xreader' 'xreader-backends' 'xreader-devel' 'xreader-lang' 'xrefresh' 'xrestop' 'xroach' 'xrootd-cl' 'xrootd-cl-devel' 'xrootd-client' 'xrootd-client-devel' 'xrootd-fuse' 'xrootd-libs' 'xrootd-libs-devel' 'xrootd-private-devel' 'xrootd-server' 'xrootd-server-devel' 'xrx' 'xsane' 'xscope' 'xscreensaver' 'xscreensaver-data' 'xscreensaver-data-extra' 'xsd' 'xsd-doc' 'xsel' 'xselection' 'xsession' 'xset' 'xsetmode' 'xsetpointer' 'xsetroot' 'xsettingsd' 'xslide' 'xsm' 'xsp' 'xstdcmap' 'xstereograph' 'xstroke' 'xsynth-dssi' 'xsys' 'xsys' 'xsys-debuginfo' 'xsys-debugsource' 'xt7-player-mpv' 'xt7-player-mpv' 'xtables-addons' 'xtables-addons' 'xtables-addons-kmp-default' 'xtables-geoip' 'xtables-plugins' 'xteddy' 'xterm' 'xtermset' 'xtexit' 'xtrabackup' 'xtrabackup-test' 'xtrans' 'xtrap' 'xv' 'xv' 'xvba-video' 'xvba-video' 'xvba-video-debuginfo' 'xvba-video-debugsource' 'xvfb-run' 'xvid4conf' 'xvid4conf' 'xvid4conf-debuginfo' 'xvid4conf-debugsource' 'xvidcap' 'xvidcap' 'xvidcap-debuginfo' 'xvidcap-debugsource' 'xvidcore' 'xvidcore' 'xvidcore-debugsource' 'xvidenc' 'xvidenc' 'xvidtune' 'xviewer' 'xviewer-devel' 'xviewer-lang' 'xviewer-plugin-exif-display' 'xviewer-plugin-export-to-folder' 'xviewer-plugin-fit-to-width' 'xviewer-plugin-light-theme' 'xviewer-plugin-map' 'xviewer-plugin-postasa' 'xviewer-plugin-pythonconsole' 'xviewer-plugin-send-by-mail' 'xviewer-plugin-slideshowshuffle' 'xviewer-plugins' 'xviewer-plugins-data' 'xviewer-plugins-lang' 'xvinfo' 'xvkbd' 'xwd' 'xwininfo' 'xwud' 'xxkb' 'xyconv' 'xylib-devel' 'xz' 'xz-devel' 'xz-devel-32bit' 'xz-lang' 'xzgv' 'yackage' 'yad' 'yad' 'yad-debuginfo' 'yad-debugsource' 'yafc' 'yafray' 'yaics' 'yajl' 'yakuake' 'yakuake-lang' 'yamagi-quake2' 'yamdi' 'yamdi' 'yamdi-debuginfo' 'yamdi-debugsource' 'yaml-cpp-devel' 'yara' 'yara-doc' 'yasm' 'yasm-devel' 'yast2' 'yast2' 'yast2-add-on' 'yast2-add-on-creator' 'yast2-alternatives' 'yast2-apparmor' 'yast2-audit-laf' 'yast2-auth-client' 'yast2-auth-server' 'yast2-boot-server' 'yast2-bootloader' 'yast2-bootloader' 'yast2-branding-openSUSE' 'yast2-branding-openSUSE-Oxygen' 'yast2-buildtools' 'yast2-ca-management' 'yast2-ca-management' 'yast2-cluster' 'yast2-configuration-management' 'yast2-control-center' 'yast2-control-center-gnome' 'yast2-control-center-qt' 'yast2-core' 'yast2-core-devel' 'yast2-country' 'yast2-country' 'yast2-country-data' 'yast2-dbus-server' 'yast2-devtools' 'yast2-dhcp-server' 'yast2-dns-server' 'yast2-docker' 'yast2-drbd' 'yast2-drbd' 'yast2-fcoe-client' 'yast2-fcoe-client' 'yast2-firewall' 'yast2-firstboot' 'yast2-firstboot' 'yast2-fonts' 'yast2-ftp-server' 'yast2-geo-cluster' 'yast2-hardware-detection' 'yast2-http-server' 'yast2-inetd' 'yast2-inetd-doc' 'yast2-installation' 'yast2-installation-control' 'yast2-instserver' 'yast2-iplb' 'yast2-iscsi-client' 'yast2-iscsi-lio-server' 'yast2-isns' 'yast2-journal' 'yast2-kdump' 'yast2-ldap' 'yast2-live-installer' 'yast2-mail' 'yast2-metapackage-handler' 'yast2-multipath' 'yast2-network' 'yast2-network' 'yast2-nfs-client' 'yast2-nfs-client' 'yast2-nfs-common' 'yast2-nfs-server' 'yast2-nis-client' 'yast2-nis-server' 'yast2-ntp-client' 'yast2-ntp-client' 'yast2-online-update' 'yast2-online-update-configuration' 'yast2-online-update-frontend' 'yast2-packager' 'yast2-packager' 'yast2-pam' 'yast2-perl-bindings' 'yast2-pkg-bindings' 'yast2-pkg-bindings' 'yast2-pkg-bindings-devel-doc' 'yast2-pkg-bindings-devel-doc' 'yast2-printer' 'yast2-product-creator' 'yast2-product-creator' 'yast2-proxy' 'yast2-python-bindings' 'yast2-qt-branding-openSUSE' 'yast2-rdp' 'yast2-rear' 'yast2-rear' 'yast2-registration' 'yast2-ruby-bindings' 'yast2-ruby-bindings' 'yast2-samba-client' 'yast2-samba-server' 'yast2-scanner' 'yast2-schema' 'yast2-security' 'yast2-services-manager' 'yast2-services-manager' 'yast2-slp' 'yast2-slp-server' 'yast2-smt' 'yast2-snapper' 'yast2-sound' 'yast2-squid' 'yast2-storage' 'yast2-storage' 'yast2-storage-devel' 'yast2-sudo' 'yast2-support' 'yast2-sysconfig' 'yast2-testsuite' 'yast2-tftp-server' 'yast2-trans' 'yast2-trans-af' 'yast2-trans-allpacks' 'yast2-trans-ar' 'yast2-trans-ast' 'yast2-trans-bg' 'yast2-trans-bn' 'yast2-trans-bs' 'yast2-trans-ca' 'yast2-trans-cs' 'yast2-trans-cy' 'yast2-trans-da' 'yast2-trans-de' 'yast2-trans-el' 'yast2-trans-en_GB' 'yast2-trans-en_US' 'yast2-trans-eo' 'yast2-trans-es' 'yast2-trans-et' 'yast2-trans-eu' 'yast2-trans-fa' 'yast2-trans-fi' 'yast2-trans-fr' 'yast2-trans-gl' 'yast2-trans-gu' 'yast2-trans-he' 'yast2-trans-hi' 'yast2-trans-hr' 'yast2-trans-hu' 'yast2-trans-id' 'yast2-trans-it' 'yast2-trans-ja' 'yast2-trans-jv' 'yast2-trans-ka' 'yast2-trans-km' 'yast2-trans-kn' 'yast2-trans-ko' 'yast2-trans-ku' 'yast2-trans-lo' 'yast2-trans-lt' 'yast2-trans-mk' 'yast2-trans-mr' 'yast2-trans-nb' 'yast2-trans-nds' 'yast2-trans-nl' 'yast2-trans-nn' 'yast2-trans-pa' 'yast2-trans-pl' 'yast2-trans-pot' 'yast2-trans-pt' 'yast2-trans-pt_BR' 'yast2-trans-ro' 'yast2-trans-ru' 'yast2-trans-si' 'yast2-trans-sk' 'yast2-trans-sl' 'yast2-trans-sr' 'yast2-trans-stats' 'yast2-trans-sv' 'yast2-trans-sw' 'yast2-trans-ta' 'yast2-trans-tg' 'yast2-trans-th' 'yast2-trans-tr' 'yast2-trans-uk' 'yast2-trans-vi' 'yast2-trans-wa' 'yast2-trans-xh' 'yast2-trans-zh_CN' 'yast2-trans-zh_TW' 'yast2-trans-zu' 'yast2-transfer' 'yast2-tune' 'yast2-update' 'yast2-update-FACTORY' 'yast2-users' 'yast2-vm' 'yast2-vm' 'yast2-vpn' 'yast2-x11' 'yast2-xml' 'yast2-xml' 'yast2-ycp-ui-bindings' 'yast2-ycp-ui-bindings-devel' 'yast2_basis' 'yast2_install_wf' 'yate' 'yate' 'yate-debuginfo' 'yate-debugsource' 'yate-devel' 'yate-qt4' 'yate-qt4-debuginfo' 'yate-scripts' 'yate-with-amrnb' 'yaz' 'yaz-doc' 'yelp' 'yelp-devel' 'yelp-lang' 'yelp-tools' 'yelp-xsl' 'ykclient' 'ykneomgr' 'ykpers' 'yodl' 'youtube-dl' 'youtube-dl' 'youtube-dl-gui' 'youtube-dl-gui-lang' 'yp-tools' 'ypbind' 'ypserv' 'ytalk' 'yubico-piv-tool' 'yubikey-neo-manager' 'yubikey-personalization-gui' 'yubikey-piv-manager' 'yudit' 'yum' 'yum-aliases' 'yum-allowdowngrade' 'yum-basearchonly' 'yum-changelog' 'yum-dellsysid' 'yum-downloadonly' 'yum-fastestmirror' 'yum-filter-data' 'yum-lang' 'yum-list-data' 'yum-merge-conf' 'yum-metadata-parser' 'yum-priorities' 'yum-protect-packages' 'yum-protectbase' 'yum-refresh-updatesd' 'yum-tmprepo' 'yum-tsflags' 'yum-updatesd' 'yum-upgrade-helper' 'yum-utils' 'yum-verify' 'yum-versionlock' 'z3' 'z3-devel' 'zanshin' 'zbar' 'zbuild' 'zbuild' 'zd1211-firmware' 'zdbsp' 'zdoom' 'zdoom' 'zeal' 'zeitgeist' 'zeitgeist-devel' 'zenity' 'zenity-lang' 'zenmap' 'zerofree' 'zeroinstall-injector' 'zeromq-devel' 'zeromq-tools' 'zhu3d' 'zile' 'zile-doc' 'zimg' 'zinnia' 'zinnia-devel' 'zinnia-tomoe' 'zip' 'zip' 'zipios++' 'zipios++-debugsource' 'zipios++-devel' 'ziptool' 'zisofs-tools' 'zlib-devel' 'zlib-devel-32bit' 'zlib-devel-static' 'zlib-devel-static-32bit' 'zlibrary' 'zlibrary-devel' 'zlibrary-ui-gtk' 'zlibrary-ui-qt' 'zn_poly-devel' 'znc' 'znc-devel' 'znc-perl' 'znc-python3' 'znc-tcl' 'zod' 'zod' 'zod-data' 'zod-debuginfo' 'zoo' 'zopfli' 'zot' 'zpaq' 'zramcfg' 'zsdx' 'zsdx' 'zsh' 'zsh-htmldoc' 'zstd' 'zstd' 'zsync' 'zsync-devel' 'zutils' 'zvbi' 'zvbi-devel' 'zvbi-devel-32bit' 'zynaddsubfx' 'zynaddsubfx-common' 'zynaddsubfx-dssi' 'zynaddsubfx-lv2' 'zynaddsubfx-vst' 'zypp-plugin-python' 'zypper' 'zypper' 'zypper-aptitude' 'zypper-docker' 'zypper-lifecycle-plugin' 'zypper-log' 'zziplib' 'zziplib-devel' 'zziplib-devel-32bit' )
_zypp_not_installed=( '0' 'A.D.' '0ad' '0ad-data' '2ManDVD' '2ManDVD' '2ManDVD-debuginfo' '2ManDVD-debugsource' '2ping' '389-ds' '389-ds' '389-ds-devel' '3omns' '4pane' '4pane' '4pane-debuginfo' '4ti2' '4ti2-devel' '64bit' '7kaa' 'AbiWord' 'AdobeICCProfiles' 'Aisleriot' 'Solitaire' 'Almanah' 'Diary' 'Anjuta' 'AppStream' 'AppStream-devel' 'AppStream-lang' 'Application' 'Finder' 'Archive' 'Manager' 'Armagetron' 'Atomix' 'Atril' 'Document' 'Viewer' 'Attract-Mode' 'Audience' 'BNFC' 'Balsa' 'Bijiben' 'Birdie' 'BitTorrent' 'BitTorrent' 'BitTorrent-curses' 'BitTorrent-gtk' 'Blender' 'Blob' 'Wars' ':' 'Metal' 'Blob' 'Solid' 'Bluefish' 'Books' 'Box2D-doc' 'Brasero' 'Builder' 'Buzztrax' 'Music' 'Editor' 'CCSM' 'CharLS-devel' 'Character' 'Map' 'Cheese' 'CherryTree' 'Clementine' 'Music' 'Player' 'Clipman' 'Coin' 'Coin-debugsource' 'Coin-devel' 'ColPack-devel' 'ColPack-devel-32bit' 'Collage' 'Collage' 'Collage-debuginfo' 'Collage-debugsource' 'Collage-devel' 'Collage-doc' 'ColorFull-devel' 'Compiz' 'Fusion' 'Icon' 'ConsoleKit' 'ConsoleKit-32bit' 'ConsoleKit-devel' 'ConsoleKit-doc' 'ConsoleKit-x11' 'Converseen' 'Corebird' 'Crystalcursors' 'D-Feet' 'D-Bus' 'Debugger' 'DB' 'Browser' 'for' 'SQLite' 'DVDStyler' 'DVDStyler' 'DVDStyler-debuginfo' 'DVDStyler-debugsource' 'Database' 'browser' 'Datovka' 'Dconf' 'Editor' 'DeaDBeeF' 'DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a' 'DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a' 'DeepLearningToga-1.5.21a-debuginfo' 'Desktop' 'Search' 'DevIL-devel' 'Devhelp' 'Dia' 'Dianara' 'DirectFB' 'DirectFB-Mesa' 'DirectFB-devel' 'DirectFB-devel-32bit' 'DirectFB-doc' 'DirectFB-libSDL' 'DirectFB-libvncclient' 'Disk' 'Usage' 'Analyzer' 'DisplayCAL' 'DisplayCAL' 'DisplayCluster' 'DisplayCluster' 'DisplayCluster-debuginfo' 'DisplayCluster-debugsource' 'DisplayCluster-devel' 'DisplayCluster-doc' 'Document' 'Viewer' 'Documents' 'Dust' 'Racing' '2D' 'ETL' 'ETL-devel' 'EasyTAG' 'ElectricFence' 'Elektra' 'Qt' 'Editor' 'Empathy' 'Endless' 'Sky' 'Engrampa' 'Archive' 'Manager' 'Entangle' 'Evince' 'Evolution' 'Exaile' 'Eye' 'of' 'GNOME' 'Eye' 'of' 'MATE' 'FastCGI' 'FastCGI-devel' 'Field3D' 'Field3D' 'Field3D-debuginfo' 'Field3D-debugsource' 'Field3D-devel' 'FileZilla' 'Firewall' 'FirmwareUpdateKit' 'Five' 'or' 'More' 'FlightGear' 'FlightGear-data' 'FlightGear-docs' 'FocusWriter' 'Four-in-a-row' 'FreeCAD' 'FreeCAD' 'FreeCAD-debuginfo' 'FreeCAD-debugsource' 'FreeCAD-pluginloader' 'FreeCAD-pluginloader' 'Freeciv' 'Freeciv' 'modpack' 'installer' '(gtk3)' 'Freeciv' 'server' 'Frogr' 'GCompris' 'GLStats' 'GLStats-devel' 'GLStats-doc' 'GNOME' '2048' 'GNOME' 'Boxes' 'GNOME' 'Calculator' 'GNOME' 'Characters' 'GNOME' 'Chess' 'GNOME' 'Clocks' 'GNOME' 'Color' 'Manager' 'GNOME' 'Contacts' 'GNOME' 'Control' 'Center' 'GNOME' 'Dictionary' 'GNOME' 'Disks' 'GNOME' 'Font' 'Viewer' 'GNOME' 'Hex' 'Editor' 'GNOME' 'Hitori' 'GNOME' 'Internet' 'Radio' 'Locator' 'GNOME' 'Klotski' 'GNOME' 'Logs' 'GNOME' 'MPV' 'GNOME' 'Mahjongg' 'GNOME' 'Maps' 'GNOME' 'Mines' 'GNOME' 'Music' 'GNOME' 'Nibbles' 'GNOME' 'Package' 'Updater' 'GNOME' 'Packages' 'GNOME' 'Power' 'Statistics' 'GNOME' 'Robots' 'GNOME' 'Screenshot' 'GNOME' 'Software' 'GNOME' 'Sudoku' 'GNOME' 'System' 'Monitor' 'GNOME' 'Taquin' 'GNOME' 'Tetravex' 'GNOME' 'Tweak' 'Tool' 'GNOME' 'Web' 'GNU' 'PSPP' 'GParted' 'GPaste' 'Gambas3' 'Gaupol' 'Geany' 'IDE' 'Geary' 'GeneralUser' 'GeneralUser' 'GeoIP' 'GeoIP-data' 'Getting' 'Things' 'GNOME!' 'Glade' 'Gnome' 'Commander' 'Gnote' 'GnuCash' 'Gnumeric' 'Goat' 'Attack' 'Goat' 'Attack' 'Map' 'Editor' 'Gobby' '0.5' 'pre-release' 'Gonvert' 'Goobox' 'CD' 'Player' 'Gourmet' 'GraphicsMagick' 'GraphicsMagick' 'GraphicsMagick-devel' 'Grsync' 'Gtranslator' 'HepMC-devel' 'Herwig-devel' 'Herwig-libs' 'HexChat' 'HomeBank' 'Howl' 'IPython' 'IPython-doc' 'Iagno' 'IccXML' 'IfcOpenShell' 'IfcOpenShell' 'IfcOpenShell-debuginfo' 'IfcOpenShell-debugsource' 'IfcOpenShell-devel' 'Image' 'Viewer' 'ImageMagick' 'ImageMagick-devel' 'ImageMagick-devel-32bit' 'ImageMagick-doc' 'ImageMagick-extra' 'J7Z' 'J7Z' 'J7Z-kf5' 'JaxoDraw' 'Julia' 'KMyMoney' 'Kajongg' 'Kerberos' 'Authentication' 'Kid3' 'Klavaro' 'LHAPDF-devel' 'LaTeXila' 'LabPlot' 'LiE' 'LiE-doc' 'LiVES' 'LiVES' 'LiVES-debuginfo' 'LiVES-debugsource' 'LiVES-lang' 'LibVNCServer-devel' 'LibreCAD' 'Liferea' 'Lights' 'Off' 'Linphone' 'Lollypop' 'Lugaru' 'HD' 'Lunchbox' 'Lunchbox-debugsource' 'Lunchbox-devel' 'Lunchbox-doc' 'LyX' 'MATE' 'Calc' 'MATE' 'Dictionary' 'MATE' 'Disk' 'Usage' 'Analyzer' 'MATE' 'Screenshot' 'MATE' 'Search' 'Tool' 'MATE' 'System' 'Monitor' 'MATE' 'Terminal' 'MLDonkey' 'MLDonkey' 'MLDonkey-debuginfo' 'MLDonkey-debugsource' 'MLDonkey-gui' 'MLDonkey-gui-debuginfo' 'MPlayer' 'MPlayer' 'MPlayer-debuginfo' 'MPlayer-debugsource' 'MPlayer-doc' 'MediaInfo' 'Meld' 'Mesa' 'Mesa-demo' 'Mesa-demo-x' 'Mesa-devel' 'Mesa-dri-devel' 'Mesa-dri-nouveau-32bit' 'Mesa-libEGL-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libGL-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM-devel' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM1' 'Mesa-libGLESv1_CM1-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-2-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-devel' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv3-devel' 'Mesa-libd3d' 'Mesa-libd3d-32bit' 'Mesa-libd3d-devel' 'Mesa-libd3d-devel-32bit' 'Mesa-libglapi-devel' 'Mesa-libglapi-devel-32bit' 'Midori' 'Minetest' 'Minuet' 'Modem' 'Manager' 'GUI' 'ModemManager-devel' 'ModemManager-lang' 'Modules' 'MozillaFirefox' 'MozillaFirefox-branding-upstream' 'MozillaFirefox-buildsymbols' 'MozillaFirefox-devel' 'MozillaFirefox-translations-common' 'MozillaFirefox-translations-other' 'MozillaThunderbird' 'MozillaThunderbird' 'MozillaThunderbird-buildsymbols' 'MozillaThunderbird-devel' 'MozillaThunderbird-translations-common' 'MozillaThunderbird-translations-other' 'Mr' 'Rescue' 'MultiMarkdown-5' 'MultiWriter' 'MyODBC-unixODBC' 'NFO' 'Viewer' 'Nautilus' 'Nemiver' 'NetworkManager' 'NetworkManager-appindicator' 'NetworkManager-branding-upstream' 'NetworkManager-connection-editor' 'NetworkManager-devel' 'NetworkManager-devel-32bit' 'NetworkManager-gnome' 'NetworkManager-gnome-lang' 'NetworkManager-iodine' 'NetworkManager-iodine-gnome' 'NetworkManager-iodine-lang' 'NetworkManager-l2tp' 'NetworkManager-l2tp' 'NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome' 'NetworkManager-l2tp-lang' 'NetworkManager-novellvpn' 'NetworkManager-novellvpn-gnome' 'NetworkManager-novellvpn-lang' 'NetworkManager-openconnect' 'NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome' 'NetworkManager-openconnect-lang' 'NetworkManager-openswan' 'NetworkManager-openswan-gnome' 'NetworkManager-openswan-lang' 'NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome' 'NetworkManager-pptp-gnome' 'NetworkManager-strongswan' 'NetworkManager-strongswan-gnome' 'NetworkManager-strongswan-lang' 'NetworkManager-vpnc-gnome' 'Nomacs' 'NovProg' 'OpenClonk' 'OpenColorIO' 'OpenColorIO-devel' 'OpenColorIO-doc' 'OpenIPMI' 'OpenIPMI' 'OpenIPMI-devel' 'OpenIPMI-python' 'OpenImageIO' 'OpenImageIO-devel' 'OpenLP' 'OpenOctaveMidi' 'OpenOctaveMidi' 'OpenOctaveMidi-debuginfo' 'OpenOctaveMidi-lang' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-debuginfo' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-debugsource' 'OpenOctaveMidi-unstable-lang' 'OpenSceneGraph' 'OpenSceneGraph-examples' 'OpenSceneGraph-plugins' 'Opera' 'Osmo4' 'Osmo4-debuginfo' 'PCB' 'Designer' 'PDF' 'Chain' 'PackageKit-Qt-devel' 'PackageKit-Qt5-devel' 'PackageKit-branding-upstream' 'PackageKit-devel' 'ParaView' 'PgTcl' 'Phoronix' 'Test' 'Suite' 'Photos' 'Pithos' 'Pitivi' 'Plank' 'PlayOnLinux' 'PlotDigitizer' 'PlotDigitizer' 'Pluma' 'Poedit' 'Polari' 'Pomodoro' 'Power' 'Statistics' 'Pragha' 'Mucic' 'Player' 'Project' 'Hamster' 'ProjectX' 'ProjectX' 'Psi' 'PyGreSQL' 'Pybliographer' 'QDeviceMonitor' 'QElectroTech' 'QMPlay2' 'QMPlay2' 'QMPlay2-debuginfo' 'QMPlay2-debugsource' 'QMPlay2-devel' 'QMPlay2-kde-integration' 'QSyncthingTray' 'QTerminal' 'QXmlEdit' 'QjackCtl' 'Qross-devel' 'QtAV' 'QtAV' 'QtAV-debugsource' 'QtAV-devel' 'QtAV-players' 'QtAV-players-debuginfo' 'QtAV-qml' 'QtAV-qml-debuginfo' 'QtDMM' 'Qtractor' 'Quadrapassel' 'QupZilla' 'R-KernSmooth' 'R-MASS' 'R-Matrix' 'R-Matrix-devel' 'R-base' 'R-base-devel' 'R-boot' 'R-class' 'R-cluster' 'R-codetools' 'R-compiler' 'R-core' 'R-core-devel' 'R-core-doc' 'R-core-libs' 'R-core-packages' 'R-datasets' 'R-foreign' 'R-grDevices' 'R-graphics' 'R-grid' 'R-lattice' 'R-methods' 'R-mgcv' 'R-nlme' 'R-nnet' 'R-parallel' 'R-recommended-packages' 'R-rpart' 'R-spatial' 'R-splines' 'R-stats' 'R-stats4' 'R-survival' 'R-tcltk' 'R-tools' 'R-utils' 'Rapid' 'Photo' 'Downloader' 'Rawstudio' 'ReText' 'Redshift' 'Regina-REXX' 'Regina-REXX-devel' 'Regina-REXX-doc' 'Remmina' 'Remote' 'Desktop' 'Viewer' 'Remote' 'Viewer' 'RemoteBox' 'RemoteBox:' 'VirtualBox' 'Client' 'Rhythmbox' 'Ristretto' 'Rivet-devel' 'RobboLito0085' 'RobboLito0085' 'RobboLito0085-debuginfo' 'Rosegarden' 'SDL2' 'SDL2_image' 'SDL_image' 'SHERPA-MC-devel' 'SUSEConnect' 'SampleICC' 'Scilab' 'Screenshot' 'Scribus' 'SeaMonkey' 'Composer' 'SeaMonkey' 'Mail' 'Client' 'SeaMonkey' 'Web' 'Browser' 'Seahorse' 'Search' 'and' 'Indexing' 'ShellCheck' 'Shotwell' 'SimGear-devel' 'Simple' 'CCSM' 'Simple' 'Scan' 'SimpleScreenRecorder' 'Smb4K' 'Smuxi' 'SoQt' 'SoQt' 'SoQt-debugsource' 'SoQt-devel' 'SoQt-doc' 'Something' 'For' 'Reddit' 'Sound' 'Converter' 'Sound' 'Juicer' 'Sound' 'Recorder' 'Stellarium' 'SuSEfirewall2' 'SuSEfirewall2-fail2ban' 'SuperTux' '2' 'SuperTuxKart' 'Supybot' 'Swell' 'Foop' 'TEA' 'THE' 'THE-doc' 'Tali' 'TeXstudio' 'TeXworks' 'Teeworlds' 'Terminal' 'Texmaker' 'LaTeX' 'Editor' 'Text' 'Editor' 'The' 'Legend' 'of' 'Edgar' 'ThePEG-devel' 'ThePEG-libs' 'Thunar' 'File' 'Manager' 'Thunderbird' 'Tilda' 'Tiled' 'To' 'Do' 'Tor' 'Browser' 'Launcher' 'Transmageddon' 'Media' 'Transcoder' 'Trojitá' 'UEFITool' 'UEFITool' 'UEFITool-debuginfo' 'UEFITool-debugsource' 'VFlib3' 'VFlib3-devel' 'Vc-devel' 'Vc-devel-static' 'Veusz' 'Videos' 'Virtual' 'Machine' 'Manager' 'VirtualGL' 'VirtualGL-32bit' 'VirtualGL-devel' 'Voxelands' 'WALinuxAgent' 'Wammu' 'Warzone' '2100' 'Weather' 'When' 'WindowMaker' 'WindowMaker-applets' 'WindowMaker-applets' 'WindowMaker-devel' 'WindowMaker-themes' 'Wireshark' '(GTK)' 'Network' 'Analyzer' 'Wireshark' '(QT)' 'Network' 'Analyzer' 'Wyrmsun' 'Xed' 'Xiphos' 'Xournal' 'YODA-devel' 'Yaics' 'a2jmidid' 'a2jmidid' 'a2jmidid-debuginfo' 'a2jmidid-debugsource' 'a2ps' 'a2ps-devel' 'a2ps-h' 'a52dec' 'a52dec' 'a52dec-debuginfo' 'a52dec-debugsource' 'aMule' 'aMule' 'aMule-debuginfo' 'aMule-debugsource' 'aMule-kde4' 'aMule-kde4-debuginfo' 'aaa_base-malloccheck' 'aacsupdater' 'aacsupdater' 'aacsupdater-debuginfo' 'aacsupdater-debugsource' 'aalib' 'aalib-devel' 'aalib-devel-32bit' 'abcde' 'abi-compliance-checker' 'abiword' 'abiword-docs' 'abook' 'abook-lang' 'abootimg' 'abxtest' 'accerciser' 'accerciser-lang' 'accerciser-plugin-IPython' 'accountsservice' 'accountsservice-devel' 'acct' 'acct' 'ack' 'acpi' 'actkbd' 'adaptec-firmware' 'adaptx' 'adaptx-doc' 'adaptx-javadoc' 'addrwatch' 'adinatha-fonts' 'adminer' 'adminer' 'adminer-designs' 'adminer-editor' 'adminer-elasticsearch' 'adminer-firebird' 'adminer-mssql' 'adminer-mysql' 'adminer-pgsql' 'adminer-sqlite' 'adms' 'adns' 'adobe-cid-keyed-moe-fonts' 'adobe-cid-keyed-munhwa-fonts' 'adobe-cid-keyed-wada-fonts' 'adobe-cid-keyed-wadah-fonts' 'adobe-sourcehansans-fonts' 'adolc-devel' 'adolc-devel-32bit' 'adolc-doc' 'aegisub' 'aegisub' 'aegisub-debuginfo' 'aegisub-debugsource' 'aelfred' 'aelfred-javadoc' 'aespipe' 'afl' 'aften' 'aften' 'aften-debuginfo' 'agg-devel' 'agrep' 'aha' 'aide' 'aide-test' 'aircrack-ng' 'aircrack-ng' 'aircrack-ng-debuginfo' 'aircrack-ng-debugsource' 'airspy' 'airspy-devel' 'airspy-udev' 'aisleriot' 'aisleriot-lang' 'aisleriot-themes' 'akonadi-calendar-devel' 'akonadi-contact-devel' 'akonadi-mime-devel' 'akonadi-notes-devel' 'akonadi-runtime' 'akonadi-search-devel' 'akonadi-server-devel' 'akonadi-server-sqlite' 'akonadiconsole' 'alac' 'alac_decoder' 'alac_decoder' 'alac_decoder-debuginfo' 'alac_decoder-debugsource' 'alacarte' 'alacarte-lang' 'albert' 'albumshaper' 'aldusleaf-crimson-text-fonts' 'alee-fonts' 'alevt' 'alevtd' 'alex' 'allegro' 'allegro-dga2-plugin' 'allegro-dga2-plugin-32bit' 'allegro-jack-plugin' 'allegro-jack-plugin-32bit' 'allegro-tools' 'almanah' 'almanah-lang' 'alpine' 'alpine-branding-openSUSE' 'alsa-docs' 'alsa-firmware' 'alsa-plugins-a52' 'alsa-plugins-dca' 'alsa-plugins-dca-debuginfo' 'alsa-plugins-jack' 'alsa-plugins-jack-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-lavcrate' 'alsa-plugins-maemo' 'alsa-plugins-maemo-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-samplerate' 'alsa-plugins-samplerate-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-speex' 'alsabat' 'amanda' 'amarok' 'amarok-debuginfo' 'amarok-debugsource' 'amavisd-new' 'amavisd-new' 'amavisd-new-docs' 'amazon-ssm-agent' 'amazon-ssm-agent' 'amdovdrvctrl' 'amdovdrvctrl' 'amrnb' 'amrnb' 'amrnb-debuginfo' 'amrnb-debugsource' 'amrwb' 'amrwb' 'amrwb-debuginfo' 'amrwb-debugsource' 'amsynth' 'amsynth-lang' 'amsynth-plugin-dssi' 'amsynth-plugin-lv2' 'amsynth-plugin-vst' 'amtu' 'analitza' 'analitza-devel' 'analitza-lang' 'analyzeMFT' 'angelscript2_29-devel' 'anjuta' 'anjuta-devel' 'anjuta-extras' 'anjuta-extras-lang' 'anjuta-lang' 'ansible' 'ansible' 'ant' 'ant-antlr' 'ant-apache-bcel' 'ant-apache-bsf' 'ant-apache-log4j' 'ant-apache-oro' 'ant-apache-regexp' 'ant-apache-resolver' 'ant-apache-xalan2' 'ant-commons-logging' 'ant-commons-net' 'ant-contrib' 'ant-contrib-javadoc' 'ant-contrib-manual' 'ant-findbugs' 'ant-javadoc' 'ant-javamail' 'ant-jdepend' 'ant-jmf' 'ant-jsch' 'ant-junit' 'ant-manual' 'ant-phone' 'ant-scripts' 'ant-swing' 'ant-testutil' 'anthy' 'anthy-32bit' 'anthy-devel' 'antlr' 'antlr-devel' 'antlr-java' 'antlr-javadoc' 'antlr-manual' 'antlr3c-devel' 'apache-commons-beanutils' 'apache-commons-beanutils-javadoc' 'apache-commons-cli' 'apache-commons-cli-javadoc' 'apache-commons-codec' 'apache-commons-codec-javadoc' 'apache-commons-collections' 'apache-commons-collections-javadoc' 'apache-commons-collections-testframework' 'apache-commons-collections-testframework-javadoc' 'apache-commons-daemon' 'apache-commons-daemon-javadoc' 'apache-commons-daemon-jsvc' 'apache-commons-dbcp' 'apache-commons-dbcp-javadoc' 'apache-commons-email' 'apache-commons-email' 'apache-commons-email-javadoc' 'apache-commons-httpclient' 'apache-commons-httpclient-demo' 'apache-commons-httpclient-javadoc' 'apache-commons-httpclient-manual' 'apache-commons-io' 'apache-commons-io-javadoc' 'apache-commons-lang' 'apache-commons-lang-javadoc' 'apache-commons-parent' 'apache-commons-pool' 'apache-commons-pool-javadoc' 'apache-commons-pool2' 'apache-commons-pool2-javadoc' 'apache-commons-validator' 'apache-commons-validator-javadoc' 'apache-ivy' 'apache-ivy-javadoc' 'apache-pdfbox' 'apache-pdfbox-javadoc' 'apache-portlet-1_0-api' 'apache-portlet-1_0-api-javadoc' 'apache-rpm-macros' 'apache-rpm-macros-control' 'apache-rpm-macros-control' 'apache2' 'apache2-devel' 'apache2-doc' 'apache2-event' 'apache2-example-pages' 'apache2-icons-oxygen' 'apache2-mod_apparmor' 'apache2-mod_auth_kerb' 'apache2-mod_authn_otp' 'apache2-mod_dnssd' 'apache2-mod_evasive' 'apache2-mod_fastcgi' 'apache2-mod_fcgid' 'apache2-mod_jk' 'apache2-mod_mono' 'apache2-mod_musicindex' 'apache2-mod_musicindex' 'apache2-mod_musicindex-debuginfo' 'apache2-mod_musicindex-debugsource' 'apache2-mod_nss' 'apache2-mod_perl' 'apache2-mod_perl-devel' 'apache2-mod_php5' 'apache2-mod_php7' 'apache2-mod_proxy_uwsgi' 'apache2-mod_python' 'apache2-mod_scgi' 'apache2-mod_security2' 'apache2-mod_tidy' 'apache2-mod_uwsgi' 'apache2-mod_wsgi' 'apache2-mod_wsgi-python3' 'apache2-worker' 'apcupsd' 'apcupsd-cgi' 'apcupsd-gui' 'apel' 'apetag' 'apetag' 'apetag-debuginfo' 'apetag-debugsource' 'apfel-devel' 'apg' 'apparmor' 'apparmor-parser-lang' 'apparmor-rpm-macros' 'apparmor-utils-lang' 'appcenter' 'appcenter-lang' 'appengine' 'appframework' 'appframework-javadoc' 'appmenu-qt' 'appmenu-qt5' 'appmenu-qt5-32bit' 'appres' 'appstream-glib' 'appstream-glib-devel' 'appstream-glib-lang' 'apt-cacher-ng' 'apulse' 'apulse-32bit' 'aqbanking' 'aqbanking-devel' 'aqbanking-doc' 'aqbanking-lang' 'aqbanking-ofx' 'arabic-ae-fonts' 'arabic-amiri-fonts' 'arabic-bitmap-fonts' 'arabic-fonts' 'arabic-kacst-fonts' 'arabic-kacstone-fonts' 'arabic-naqsh-fonts' 'arandr' 'aranym' 'arc-icon-theme' 'archivemail' 'archivemount' 'argon2' 'argon2-devel' 'argon2-doc' 'args4j' 'args4j-javadoc' 'argus' 'argus-client' 'argus-server' 'argyllcms' 'argyllcms-doc' 'aria2' 'aria2-devel' 'aria2-lang' 'armadillo-devel' 'armadillo-devel-32bit' 'armadillo-doc' 'armagetron' 'arp-scan' 'arpack-ng-devel' 'arpack-ng-devel-32bit' 'arphic-bkai00mp-fonts' 'arphic-bsmi00lp-fonts' 'arphic-fonts' 'arphic-gbsn00lp-fonts' 'arphic-gkai00mp-fonts' 'arphic-ukai-fonts' 'arphic-uming-fonts' 'arping2' 'arprec-devel' 'arptables' 'arpwatch' 'arpwatch-ethercodes' 'arpwatch-ethercodes-build' 'art-sharp2' 'artha' 'artifacts' 'artifacts-validator' 'artikulate' 'artikulate-lang' 'arts' 'arts-32bit' 'arts-devel' 'arts-gmcop' 'as10k1' 'asciidoc' 'asciidoc-examples' 'asciinema' 'asclock' 'asco' 'asco-doc' 'aseqview' 'asio-devel' 'asl' 'asl-doc' 'asm' 'asm-javadoc' 'asm2' 'asm2-examples' 'asm2-javadoc' 'asm3' 'asm3-examples' 'asm3-javadoc' 'aspell' 'aspell-af' 'aspell-agal' 'aspell-am' 'aspell-ar' 'aspell-ast' 'aspell-az' 'aspell-be' 'aspell-bg' 'aspell-bn' 'aspell-br' 'aspell-ca' 'aspell-cs' 'aspell-csb' 'aspell-cy' 'aspell-da' 'aspell-de' 'aspell-devel' 'aspell-el' 'aspell-en' 'aspell-eo' 'aspell-es' 'aspell-et' 'aspell-fa' 'aspell-fi' 'aspell-fo' 'aspell-fr' 'aspell-fy' 'aspell-ga' 'aspell-gd' 'aspell-gl' 'aspell-grc' 'aspell-gu' 'aspell-gv' 'aspell-he' 'aspell-hi' 'aspell-hil' 'aspell-hr' 'aspell-hsb' 'aspell-hu' 'aspell-hus' 'aspell-hy' 'aspell-ia' 'aspell-id' 'aspell-is' 'aspell-ispell' 'aspell-it' 'aspell-kn' 'aspell-ku' 'aspell-ky' 'aspell-la' 'aspell-lt' 'aspell-lv' 'aspell-mg' 'aspell-mi' 'aspell-mk' 'aspell-ml' 'aspell-mn' 'aspell-mr' 'aspell-ms' 'aspell-mt' 'aspell-nb' 'aspell-nds' 'aspell-nl' 'aspell-nn' 'aspell-ny' 'aspell-or' 'aspell-pa' 'aspell-pl' 'aspell-pt_BR' 'aspell-pt_PT' 'aspell-qu' 'aspell-ro' 'aspell-ru' 'aspell-rw' 'aspell-sc' 'aspell-sk' 'aspell-sl' 'aspell-spell' 'aspell-sr' 'aspell-sv' 'aspell-sw' 'aspell-ta' 'aspell-te' 'aspell-tet' 'aspell-tk' 'aspell-tl' 'aspell-tn' 'aspell-tr' 'aspell-uk' 'aspell-uz' 'aspell-vi' 'aspell-wa' 'aspell-yi' 'aspell-zu' 'asterisk-sounds-devel' 'asteroids3D' 'astyle' 'asunder' 'asunder' 'asunder-debuginfo' 'asunder-debugsource' 'asunder-lang' 'asusfan' 'at' 'at-spi-sharp' 'at-spi-sharp-devel' 'at-spi2-atk-devel' 'at-spi2-core' 'at-spi2-core-devel' 'at-spi2-core-devel-32bit' 'at-spi2-core-lang' 'atftp' 'atftp' 'atheme' 'atheme-devel' 'atk-devel-32bit' 'atk-doc' 'atk-lang' 'atkmm-devel' 'atkmm-devel-32bit' 'atkmm-doc' 'atlascpp-devel' 'atmel-firmware' 'atomiks' 'atomix' 'atomix-lang' 'atop' 'atop-daemon' 'atril' 'atril-backends' 'atril-devel' 'atril-lang' 'atril-thumbnailer' 'attica-qt5-devel' 'attica-qt5-devel-32bit' 'attractmode' 'aubio-tools' 'audacious' 'audacious' 'audacious-debuginfo' 'audacious-debugsource' 'audacious-devel' 'audacious-lang' 'audacious-plugins' 'audacious-plugins' 'audacious-plugins-debuginfo' 'audacious-plugins-debugsource' 'audacious-plugins-extra' 'audacious-plugins-extra-debuginfo' 'audacious-plugins-lang' 'audacity' 'audacity' 'audacity-debuginfo' 'audacity-debugsource' 'audenc' 'audenc' 'audex' 'audex-lang' 'audience' 'audience-lang' 'audio-recorder' 'audio-recorder-lang' 'audiofile' 'audiofile-devel' 'audiofile-devel-32bit' 'audiofile-doc' 'audiotools' 'audiotools' 'audiotools-debuginfo' 'audiotools-debugsource' 'audit' 'audit-audispd-plugins' 'audit-devel' 'audit-devel-32bit' 'audit-libs-python' 'audit-secondary' 'audit-visualize' 'augeas' 'augeas-devel' 'augeas-devel-32bit' 'augeas-lense-tests' 'autobench' 'autoconf-archive' 'autoconf-el' 'autoconf213' 'autocutsel' 'autofdo' 'autofs' 'autogen' 'automoc4' 'autonym-fonts' 'autopano-sift-C' 'autopano-sift-C' 'autopano-sift-C-debuginfo' 'autopano-sift-C-debugsource' 'autossh' 'autotrace' 'autotrace-devel' 'autotrash' 'autoyast2' 'autoyast2' 'avahi-compat-howl-devel' 'avahi-compat-mDNSResponder-devel' 'avahi-mono' 'avahi-utils' 'avahi-utils-gtk' 'avalon-framework' 'avalon-framework-javadoc' 'avalon-framework-manual' 'avesta-fonts' 'avfs' 'avfs-devel' 'avidemux' 'avidemux' 'avidemux-debuginfo' 'avidemux-debugsource' 'avidemux-gtk' 'avidemux-gtk-debuginfo' 'avidemux-lang' 'avidemux-plugin-arts' 'avidemux-plugin-arts-debuginfo' 'avidemux-qt' 'avidemux-qt-debuginfo' 'avidemux3' 'avidemux3' 'avidemux3-cli' 'avidemux3-cli-debuginfo' 'avidemux3-debuginfo' 'avidemux3-debugsource' 'avidemux3-qt5' 'avidemux3-qt5-debuginfo' 'avidemux3-qt5-lang' 'avifile' 'avifile' 'avifile-data' 'avifile-debuginfo' 'avifile-debugsource' 'avifile-win32' 'avogadro' 'avogadro-devel' 'avogadro-devel-32bit' 'avogadrolibs' 'avogadrolibs-devel' 'avrdude' 'avrdude' 'avxsynth' 'avxsynth' 'avxsynth-debuginfo' 'avxsynth-debugsource' 'avxsynth-devel' 'avxsynth-plugins' 'avxsynth-plugins-debuginfo' 'awesfx' 'awesome' 'awesome-branding-openSUSE' 'awesome-branding-upstream' 'awesome-freedesktop' 'awesome-shifty' 'awesome-vicious' 'aws-cli' 'aws-cli' 'axel' 'axis' 'axis-javadoc' 'axis-manual' 'azove' 'b43-fwcutter' 'b43legacy-firmware' 'b43legacy-firmware' 'b5i2iso' 'b5i2iso' 'b5i2iso-debuginfo' 'babelstone-han-fonts' 'babelstone-marchen-fonts' 'babelstone-modern-fonts' 'babelstone-ogham-fonts' 'babelstone-phags-pa-fonts' 'babelstone-runic-fonts' 'babeltrace' 'babeltrace-devel' 'babl-devel' 'backintime' 'backintime' 'backintime-lang' 'backintime-qt4' 'baekmuk-bitmap-fonts' 'baekmuk-ttf-fonts' 'baka-mplayer' 'baka-mplayer' 'baka-mplayer-debuginfo' 'baka-mplayer-debugsource' 'baloo5-devel' 'baloo5-widgets-devel' 'balsa' 'balsa-lang' 'bam' 'bamf-daemon' 'bamf-devel' 'bamf-doc' 'baobab' 'baobab-lang' 'barbie_seahorse_adventures' 'barcode' 'barcode-devel' 'bareftp' 'bash' 'bash-devel' 'bash-loadables' 'bashdb' 'bashdb' 'batctl' 'bats' 'bb' 'bbe' 'bbswitch' 'bbswitch' 'bbswitch-kmp-default' 'bcache-tools' 'bcc-devel' 'bcc-examples' 'bcc-tools' 'bcel' 'bcel5_3' 'bcel5_3-javadoc' 'bchunk' 'bchunk' 'bchunk-debuginfo' 'bcm20702a1-firmware' 'bcm43xx-firmware' 'bctoolbox' 'bctoolbox-debugsource' 'bctoolbox-devel' 'bcunit-devel' 'bcunit-doc' 'bdfresize' 'bdftopcf' 'bea-stax' 'bea-stax-api' 'beansbinding' 'beansbinding-javadoc' 'beaver' 'beforelight' 'beignet' 'beignet-devel' 'belcard-devel' 'belle-sip' 'belle-sip-debugsource' 'belle-sip-devel' 'belle-sip-devel-debuginfo' 'belr-devel' 'benchmark-devel' 'bento4' 'bento4' 'bento4-debuginfo' 'bento4-debugsource' 'bento4-devel' 'berkeleydb' 'berkeleydb-demo' 'berkeleydb-javadoc' 'berkeleydb-manual' 'bestplugins' 'bff' 'bff4' 'biabam' 'biblesync-devel' 'bibletime' 'bibtool' 'bibview' 'bigreqsproto-devel' 'bijiben' 'bijiben-lang' 'bind' 'bind' 'bind-chrootenv' 'bind-devel' 'bind-doc' 'bind-libs-32bit' 'bind-lwresd' 'bindfs' 'bing' 'bino' 'bino' 'bino-debuginfo' 'bino-debugsource' 'bino-lang' 'binutils' 'binutils-devel-32bit' 'binutils-gold' 'binwalk' 'biosdevname' 'birdie' 'birdie-lang' 'bison-32bit' 'bitcoin-qt5' 'bitcoin-test' 'bitcoin-utils' 'bitcoind' 'bitlbee' 'bitlbee-devel' 'bitlbee-doc' 'bitlbee-facebook' 'bitlbee-facebook' 'bitlbee-steam' 'bitmap' 'bitstream-vera-fonts' 'blabel' 'blabel' 'blacs-devel-headers' 'bladeRF' 'bladeRF-devel' 'bladeRF-udev' 'blas-devel' 'blas-devel-32bit' 'blas-devel-static' 'blas-man' 'blasphemer' 'bleachbit' 'bleachbit-lang' 'blender' 'blender-lang' 'bless' 'bless-doc' 'blinken' 'blinken-lang' 'blitz-devel' 'blitz-doc' 'blktrace' 'bloaty' 'blobAndConquer' 'blobwars' 'blobwars-lang' 'blockout' 'blog-devel' 'blog-plymouth' 'blogbench' 'blogilo' 'blogilo-lang' 'blosc-devel' 'blueberry' 'blueberry-lang' 'bluefish' 'bluefish' 'blueman' 'blueman-lang' 'bluemoon' 'blueprint-cursor-theme' 'blueproximity' 'blueproximity-lang' 'bluez' 'bluez-cups' 'bluez-devel' 'bluez-devel-32bit' 'bluez-firmware' 'bluez-qt-devel' 'bluez-test' 'bluez-tools' 'bmake' 'bmon' 'bogofilter-common' 'bogofilter-db' 'bogofilter-doc' 'bogofilter-sqlite3' 'boinc-client' 'boinc-client-devel' 'boinc-client-doc' 'boinc-client-lang' 'boinc-manager' 'boinc-manager-lang' 'bomber' 'bomber-lang' 'bomberclone' 'bombono' 'bombono' 'bombono-debuginfo' 'bombono-debugsource' 'bombono-lang' 'bomi' 'bomi' 'bomi-debuginfo' 'bomi-debugsource' 'bomns' 'bonk' 'bonk' 'bonk-debuginfo' 'bonnie' 'bonnie++' 'boo' 'boo-2_0_9_3' 'boo-devel' 'books' 'books' 'boost-devel' 'boost-devel-32bit' 'boost-doc-html' 'boost-doc-man' 'boost-doc-pdf' 'boost-jam' 'boost-license1_58_0' 'boost-license1_61_0' 'boost_1_58_0-devel' 'boost_1_58_0-devel-32bit' 'boost_1_58_0-doc-html' 'boost_1_58_0-doc-pdf' 'boost_1_61-devel' 'boost_1_61-devel-32bit' 'boost_1_61-doc-html' 'boost_1_61-doc-pdf' 'boost_1_61-quickbook' 'bootchart' 'bootcycle' 'booth' 'booth-test' 'bootp-DD2' 'bootsplash-branding-KDE' 'bootsplash-branding-upstream' 'borgbackup' 'borgmatic' 'bouncycastle' 'bouncycastle-javadoc' 'bovo' 'bovo-lang' 'bpg-fonts' 'bpm-tools' 'bpmdj' 'bpmdj' 'bpmdj-debuginfo' 'bpmdj-debugsource' 'bpython' 'branding-upstream' 'brasero' 'brasero-devel' 'brasero-lang' 'brasero-nautilus' 'brevity' 'bridge-utils' 'bridge-utils-devel' 'brise' 'brisk-menu' 'brisk-menu-lang' 'bristol' 'bristol' 'bristol-debuginfo' 'bristol-debugsource' 'brlapi-devel' 'brlapi-java' 'brlemu' 'brltty' 'brltty-driver-at-spi2' 'brltty-driver-brlapi' 'brltty-driver-espeak' 'brltty-driver-libbraille' 'brltty-driver-speech-dispatcher' 'brltty-driver-xwindow' 'brltty-lang' 'brltty-utils' 'broadcom-wl' 'broadcom-wl' 'broadcom-wl-debugsource' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-default' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-default-debuginfo' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-pv' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-pv-debuginfo' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-xen' 'broadcom-wl-kmp-xen-debuginfo' 'brp-check-suse' 'brp-extract-appdata' 'brp-trim-translations' 'bs' 'bs-update' 'bs2b-tools' 'bsd-games' 'bsdiff' 'bsf' 'bsf-javadoc' 'bsh' 'bsh-demo' 'bsh-javadoc' 'bsh-manual' 'bsh2' 'bsh2-bsf' 'bsh2-classgen' 'bsh2-demo' 'bsh2-javadoc' 'bsh2-manual' 'bsh2-src' 'bsod' 'bsod' 'bsod-debuginfo' 'bsod-debugsource' 'bspwm' 'btcflash' 'btrfs-extent-same' 'buffer' 'bugreporter' 'build' 'build-compare' 'build-initvm-i586' 'build-initvm-x86_64' 'bulk_extractor' 'bumblebee' 'burn_360' 'burn_360' 'burncdda' 'burncdda' 'busybox' 'busybox-static' 'butt' 'butt' 'butt-debuginfo' 'butt-debugsource' 'buzztrax' 'buzztrax' 'buzztrax-debuginfo' 'buzztrax-debugsource' 'buzztrax-lang' 'buzztrax-plugins' 'buzztrax-plugins-debuginfo' 'bvi' 'bwbar' 'bwidget' 'byacc' 'byaccj' 'bytelist' 'bzflag' 'bzip2-doc' 'bzr' 'bzr-lang' 'bzr-test' 'bzrtp' 'bzrtp-debugsource' 'bzrtp-devel' 'c2hs' 'c_count' 'ca-certificates-cacert' 'ca-certificates-mozilla' 'cab' 'cabal-install' 'cabal-rpm' 'caca-utils' 'cachefilesd' 'cacti' 'cacti' 'cacti-doc' 'cacti-spine' 'cacti-spine' 'cadaver' 'caffeine' 'cairo-clock' 'cairo-clock-lang' 'cairo-devel-32bit' 'cairo-tools' 'cairomm-devel' 'cairomm-devel-32bit' 'cairomm-doc' 'caja' 'caja-devel' 'caja-engrampa' 'caja-extension-actions' 'caja-extension-actions-devel' 'caja-extension-actions-doc' 'caja-extension-actions-lang' 'caja-extension-atril' 'caja-extension-dropbox' 'caja-extension-folder-color' 'caja-extension-gksu' 'caja-extension-image-converter' 'caja-extension-nextcloud' 'caja-extension-nitroshare' 'caja-extension-open-terminal' 'caja-extension-sendto' 'caja-extension-sendto-devel' 'caja-extension-sendto-gajim' 'caja-extension-sendto-pidgin' 'caja-extension-sendto-upnp' 'caja-extension-share' 'caja-extension-wallpaper' 'caja-extension-xattr-tags' 'caja-extension-xreader' 'caja-extensions-common-lang' 'caja-gschemas' 'caja-lang' 'cal10n' 'cal10n-javadoc' 'calamaris' 'calc-devel' 'calcurse' 'calcurse-lang' 'calendarsupport-devel' 'calf' 'calf' 'calf-debuginfo' 'calf-debugsource' 'calibre' 'calibre' 'calligra' 'calligra-braindump' 'calligra-devel' 'calligra-doc' 'calligra-extras-converter' 'calligra-extras-dolphin' 'calligra-extras-okular' 'calligra-karbon' 'calligra-lang' 'calligra-plan' 'calligra-sheets' 'calligra-stage' 'calligra-tools' 'calligra-words' 'camlistore-daemon' 'camlistore-utils' 'camsource' 'camsource-devel' 'canberra-gtk-play' 'canberra-gtk-play-gnome' 'canna' 'canna-devel' 'canna-libs' 'canna-libs-32bit' 'canna-yubin' 'cannadic' 'cantor' 'cantor-devel' 'cantor-lang' 'canutils' 'canutils-linuxcan' 'capi4hylafax' 'capi4linux' 'capi4linux-32bit' 'capi4linux-devel' 'capi4linux-devel-32bit' 'capifax' 'capifax' 'capifax-debuginfo' 'capifax-debugsource' 'cardpeek' 'cargo' 'caribou' 'caribou-common' 'caribou-devel' 'caribou-gtk-module-common' 'caribou-gtk2-module' 'caribou-gtk3-module' 'caribou-lang' 'carla' 'carla' 'carla-debuginfo' 'carla-debugsource' 'carla-devel' 'carla-vst' 'caslon-fonts' 'catcodec' 'catdoc' 'caudec' 'caudec' 'cblas-devel' 'cblas-devel-32bit' 'cblas-devel-static' 'ccache' 'ccaudio2' 'ccaudio2-devel' 'ccaudio2-devel-32bit' 'ccaudio2-doc' 'ccd2cue' 'ccd2cue-doc' 'ccd2iso' 'ccd2iso' 'ccd2iso-debuginfo' 'ccd2iso-debugsource' 'ccgfs' 'cclive' 'cclive' 'cclive-debuginfo' 'cclive-debugsource' 'ccrtp-devel' 'ccrtp-doc' 'ccrypt' 'ccscript3-devel' 'ccscript3-modules' 'ccze' 'ccze-devel' 'cd-discid' 'cd-paranoia' 'cdctl' 'cdctl' 'cdctl-debuginfo' 'cdctl-debugsource' 'cdda2wav' 'cddlib-devel' 'cdecl' 'cdemu-client' 'cdemu-client-lang' 'cdemu-daemon' 'cdi2iso' 'cdi2iso' 'cdi2iso-debuginfo' 'cdio-utils' 'cdk-devel' 'cdparanoia' 'cdparanoia-devel' 'cdrkit-cdrtools-compat' 'cdrkit-devel-static' 'cdrskin' 'cdrtools' 'cec-client' 'cec-client-debuginfo' 'cecilia' 'cedict' 'cedilla' 'cellwriter' 'celt' 'celt051' 'celt051-devel' 'ceph' 'ceph' 'ceph-base' 'ceph-common' 'ceph-deploy' 'ceph-fuse' 'ceph-mds' 'ceph-mgr' 'ceph-mon' 'ceph-osd' 'ceph-radosgw' 'ceph-resource-agents' 'ceph-test' 'ceph-test' 'cereal-devel' 'certbot' 'certbot-doc' 'cervisia' 'cervisia-lang' 'cetcd-devel' 'cfengine' 'cfengine-doc' 'cfengine-examples' 'cfengine-masterfiles' 'cfitsio' 'cfitsio-devel' 'cfitsio-devel-doc' 'cfityk' 'cflow' 'cg' 'cg-32bit' 'cg-devel' 'cgal-demo-examples-devel' 'cgal-devel' 'cgal-doc' 'cgdb' 'cgdcbxd' 'cgit' 'cglib' 'cglib-javadoc' 'chameleon' 'charybdis' 'chasen' 'chasen-devel' 'chck-devel' 'check-create-certificate' 'check-devel' 'checkbashisms' 'checkpolicy' 'cheese' 'cheese-devel' 'cheese-lang' 'cheesetracker' 'cheesetracker' 'cheesetracker-debuginfo' 'cheesetracker-debugsource' 'chemical-mime-data' 'cherrytree' 'cherrytree-lang' 'chessx' 'chessx' 'chessx-debuginfo' 'chessx-debugsource' 'chewing-data' 'chewing-utils' 'chmlib-devel' 'chmlib-devel-32bit' 'chmlib-examples' 'chocolate-doom' 'choqok' 'choqok-devel' 'chromaprint' 'chromaprint-debugsource' 'chromaprint-fpcalc' 'chromaprint-fpcalc-debuginfo' 'chrome-gnome-shell' 'chromium' 'chromium-bsu' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra-debuginfo' 'chromium-ffmpeg-extra-debugsource' 'chromium-plugin-widevinecdm' 'chromium-plugin-widevinecdm' 'chrony' 'chrpath' 'cifs-utils' 'cifs-utils-devel' 'cim-schema' 'cimple' 'cimple-cmpi-adapter' 'cimple-devel' 'cimple-pegasus-adapter' 'cinnamon' 'cinnamon-control-center' 'cinnamon-control-center-common' 'cinnamon-control-center-devel' 'cinnamon-control-center-lang' 'cinnamon-gschemas' 'cinnamon-gschemas-branding-openSUSE' 'cinnamon-gschemas-branding-upstream' 'cinnamon-metatheme-numix' 'cinnamon-screensaver' 'cinnamon-session' 'cinnamon-session-lang' 'cinnamon-settings-daemon' 'cinnamon-settings-daemon-devel' 'cinnamon-settings-daemon-lang' 'cinnamon-themes' 'cinnamon-translations' 'circuslinux' 'cjs' 'cjs-devel' 'ckermit' 'ckermit-doc' 'clamav' 'clamav' 'clanlib' 'clanlib-devel' 'clanlib-doc' 'clanlib-examples' 'classpathx-mail' 'classpathx-mail-javadoc' 'classworlds' 'classworlds-javadoc' 'claws-mail' 'claws-mail-devel' 'claws-mail-lang' 'clawsker' 'clawsker' 'clawsker-lang' 'cld2-devel' 'clementine' 'clicfs' 'clinfo' 'clipboard' 'clipgrab' 'clipgrab' 'clipgrab-debuginfo' 'clipgrab-debugsource' 'clisp' 'clisp-doc' 'clive' 'clive' 'clive-utils' 'clive-utils' 'clivefeed' 'clivepass' 'clivescan' 'cln-devel' 'cloog-isl' 'cloog-isl-devel' 'cloog-isl-devel-32bit' 'cloud-init' 'cloud-init' 'cloud-init-config-suse' 'cloud-init-doc' 'cloud-init-test' 'cloud-netconfig-azure' 'cloud-netconfig-azure' 'cloud-netconfig-ec2' 'cloud-netconfig-ec2' 'clpeak' 'clucene-core-devel' 'clucene-git' 'clucene-git-debugsource' 'cluster-glue' 'clustershell' 'clustershell' 'clusterssh' 'clutter-devel' 'clutter-gst-devel' 'clutter-gst2-devel' 'clutter-gtk-devel' 'clzip' 'cm-unicode-fonts' 'cmake-gui' 'cmake-man' 'cmark' 'cmark-devel' 'cmis-client' 'cmpi-bindings-perl' 'cmpi-bindings-pywbem' 'cmpi-bindings-ruby' 'cmpi-bindings-ruby-doc' 'cmpi-provider-register' 'cmpi-pywbem-base' 'cmpi-pywbem-power-management' 'cmpi-pywbem-software' 'cmuclmtk' 'cmus' 'cmus' 'cmus-debuginfo' 'cmus-debugsource' 'cmus-plugin-aac' 'cmus-plugin-aac-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-cdio' 'cmus-plugin-cdio-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-cue' 'cmus-plugin-cue-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-ffmpeg' 'cmus-plugin-ffmpeg-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-mad' 'cmus-plugin-mad-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-modplug' 'cmus-plugin-modplug-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-mpc' 'cmus-plugin-mpc-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-opus' 'cmus-plugin-opus-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-pulse' 'cmus-plugin-pulse-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-roar' 'cmus-plugin-roar-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugin-wavpack' 'cmus-plugin-wavpack-debuginfo' 'cmus-plugins-all' 'cntlm' 'cobbler' 'cobbler' 'cobbler-tests' 'cobbler-web' 'coccigrep' 'coccinelle' 'codec2' 'codec2-devel' 'codec2-examples' 'codelite' 'cogl-devel' 'colcmp' 'collectd' 'collectd-plugin-dbi' 'collectd-plugin-ipmi' 'collectd-plugin-java' 'collectd-plugin-memcachec' 'collectd-plugin-mysql' 'collectd-plugin-notify-desktop' 'collectd-plugin-pinba' 'collectd-plugin-postgresql' 'collectd-plugin-python' 'collectd-plugin-snmp' 'collectd-plugin-virt' 'collectd-plugins-all' 'collectd-spamassassin' 'collectd-web' 'collectd-web-js' 'collectl' 'colm-devel' 'color-filesystem' 'colorblind-devel' 'colord' 'colord-gtk' 'colord-gtk-lang' 'colord-kde' 'colord-kde-lang' 'colord-lang' 'colordiff' 'colorhug-client' 'colorhug-client-lang' 'colormake' 'comgt' 'comgt' 'comgt-debuginfo' 'comgt-debugsource' 'comix' 'comix-lang' 'commoncpp2-devel' 'commoncpp2-doc' 'compartm' 'compat-32bit' 'compat-openssl098' 'compat-readline4' 'compcache' 'compface' 'compface-devel' 'compicc' 'compiz' 'compiz-bcop' 'compiz-branding-SLED' 'compiz-branding-openSUSE' 'compiz-branding-upstream' 'compiz-devel' 'compiz-emerald' 'compiz-emerald-devel' 'compiz-emerald-lang' 'compiz-emerald-theme-manager' 'compiz-emerald-themes' 'compiz-gnome' 'compiz-lang' 'compiz-manager' 'compiz-plugins' 'compiz-plugins-experimental' 'compiz-plugins-experimental-devel' 'compiz-plugins-experimental-lang' 'compiz-plugins-extra' 'compiz-plugins-extra-devel' 'compiz-plugins-extra-lang' 'compiz-plugins-main' 'compiz-plugins-main-devel' 'compiz-plugins-main-lang' 'compizconfig-settings-manager' 'compizconfig-settings-manager-common' 'compizconfig-settings-manager-lang' 'compositeproto-devel' 'compton' 'compton-conf' 'compton-conf-lang' 'concurrent' 'concurrent-javadoc' 'conduit' 'conduit-lang' 'conglomerate' 'conglomerate-doc' 'conglomerate-lang' 'conkeror' 'conky' 'conky-debuginfo' 'conky-debugsource' 'conman' 'connect' 'connect' 'conntrack-tools' 'console' 'console-setup' 'containerd' 'containerd' 'containerd-ctr' 'containerd-test' 'converseen' 'converseen-lang' 'convmv' 'cool-retro-term' 'coolkey' 'coolkey' 'coolkey-32bit' 'coolkey-devel' 'copy-agent' 'copy-agent' 'copy-agent-gnome' 'copy-agent-mate' 'corebird' 'corebird-lang' 'coreboot-utils' 'coreutils' 'coreutils-testsuite' 'coreutils-testsuite' 'corosync' 'corosync' 'corosync-testagents' 'courier-authlib' 'courier-authlib-devel' 'courier-authlib-ldap' 'courier-authlib-mysql' 'courier-authlib-pgsql' 'courier-authlib-pipe' 'courier-authlib-sqlite' 'courier-authlib-userdb' 'courier-imap' 'courier-unicode-devel' 'courier-unicode-doc' 'cowsay' 'cpanspec' 'cpdvd' 'cpdvd' 'cpmono_v07-fonts' 'cpp5' 'cpp6' 'cpp7' 'cppcheck' 'cppcheck-gui' 'cppdb-devel' 'cppdb-doc' 'cpphs' 'cppi' 'cppi-lang' 'cpprest-devel' 'cpptasks' 'cpptasks-javadoc' 'cppunit' 'cppunit-devel' 'cppunit-devel-32bit' 'cppunit-devel-doc' 'cppzmq-devel' 'cppzmq-devel' 'cpuid' 'cpulimit' 'cpupower' 'cpupower-bench' 'cpupower-devel' 'cpuset' 'cpustat' 'cpvts' 'cpvts' 'cracklib-devel' 'cracklib-devel-32bit' 'cracklib-dict-small' 'crafty' 'crafty' 'crafty-debuginfo' 'cram' 'crash' 'crash' 'crash-devel' 'crash-doc' 'crash-eppic' 'crash-gcore' 'crash-kmp-default' 'crawl' 'crawl-data' 'crawl-sdl' 'create-resources' 'createrepo' 'createrepo_c' 'criu' 'criu-devel' 'crmsh' 'crmsh-scripts' 'crmsh-test' 'cronic' 'cronie-anacron' 'cross-aarch64-binutils' 'cross-aarch64-binutils' 'cross-aarch64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-aarch64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-arm-binutils' 'cross-arm-binutils' 'cross-armv6hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-armv6hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-armv7hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-armv7hl-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-avr-binutils' 'cross-avr-binutils' 'cross-hppa-binutils' 'cross-hppa-binutils' 'cross-hppa-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-hppa64-binutils' 'cross-hppa64-binutils' 'cross-i386-binutils' 'cross-i386-binutils' 'cross-i386-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-i386-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ia64-binutils' 'cross-ia64-binutils' 'cross-ia64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ia64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-m68k-binutils' 'cross-m68k-binutils' 'cross-mips-binutils' 'cross-mips-binutils' 'cross-nvptx-gcc7' 'cross-nvptx-gcc7' 'cross-nvptx-newlib7-devel' 'cross-ppc-binutils' 'cross-ppc-binutils' 'cross-ppc-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64-binutils' 'cross-ppc64-binutils' 'cross-ppc64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64le-binutils' 'cross-ppc64le-binutils' 'cross-ppc64le-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-ppc64le-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390-binutils' 'cross-s390-binutils' 'cross-s390-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390x-binutils' 'cross-s390x-binutils' 'cross-s390x-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-s390x-gcc48-icecream-backend' 'cross-sparc-binutils' 'cross-sparc-binutils' 'cross-sparc64-binutils' 'cross-sparc64-binutils' 'cross-spu-binutils' 'cross-spu-binutils' 'cross-x86_64-binutils' 'crosstool-ng' 'crudini' 'cryptconfig' 'cryptconfig-32bit' 'cryptctl' 'cryptctl' 'crystalhd-firmware' 'cscope' 'csindex' 'csmash' 'csmith' 'csound' 'csound-devel' 'csvprintf' 'csync' 'csync2' 'ctags' 'ctdb' 'ctdb-tests' 'cttop' 'cudd-devel' 'cuetools' 'cuetools' 'cuetools-debuginfo' 'cuetools-debugsource' 'culmus-ancient-semitic-fonts' 'culmus-fonts' 'cunit-devel' 'cunit-doc' 'cups' 'cups-airprint' 'cups-backends' 'cups-ddk' 'cups-devel' 'cups-filters' 'cups-filters-devel' 'cups-pdf' 'curl' 'curlew' 'curlew' 'curlew-lang' 'curlftpfs' 'cutecom' 'cutmp3' 'cutmp3' 'cutmp3-debuginfo' 'cutmp3-debugsource' 'cutmp3-doc' 'cv' 'cvs' 'cvs-doc' 'cvs2svn' 'cxref' 'cxsc' 'cxsc-devel' 'cxxtools-devel' 'cyradm' 'cyreal-alice-fonts' 'cyreal-junge-fonts' 'cyreal-lobster-cyrillic-fonts' 'cyreal-lora-fonts' 'cyreal-marko-horobchyk-fonts' 'cyreal-marmelad-fonts' 'cyreal-wire-fonts' 'cyrus-imapd' 'cyrus-imapd-devel' 'cyrus-imapd-snmp' 'cyrus-imapd-snmp-mibs' 'cyrus-imapd-utils' 'cyrus-sasl' 'cyrus-sasl-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-crammd5-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-devel-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-digestmd5-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-gs2' 'cyrus-sasl-gssapi-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-ldap-auxprop' 'cyrus-sasl-ldap-auxprop-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-ntlm' 'cyrus-sasl-otp' 'cyrus-sasl-otp-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-plain-32bit' 'cyrus-sasl-saslauthd' 'cyrus-sasl-saslauthd' 'cyrus-sasl-scram' 'cyrus-sasl-sqlauxprop' 'cyrus-sasl-sqlauxprop-32bit' 'czmq' 'czmq-devel' 'd-feet' 'd-feet-lang' 'd0_blind_id' 'd0_blind_id-devel' 'dSFMT-devel' 'dai-banna-fonts' 'dante' 'dante-devel' 'dante-devel-32bit' 'dante-server' 'dapl' 'dapl-debug' 'dapl-debug-devel' 'dapl-debug-libs' 'dapl-debug-utils' 'dapl-devel' 'dapl-devel-32bit' 'dapl-doc' 'dapl-utils' 'daps' 'dar' 'dar-lang' 'darcs' 'darkice' 'darkice' 'darkice-debuginfo' 'darkice-debugsource' 'darktable' 'darktable' 'darktable-doc' 'darts' 'dash' 'dasher' 'dasher-data-extras' 'dasher-data-recommended' 'dasher-lang' 'dataquay' 'datefudge' 'dateutils' 'datovka' 'datovka' 'db45-doc' 'db45-utils' 'db45-utils-doc' 'db48-doc' 'dbench' 'dbench4' 'dbh-devel' 'dblatex' 'dbsplit-tools' 'dbus-1-devel' 'dbus-1-devel-32bit' 'dbus-1-devel-doc' 'dbus-1-glib-devel' 'dbus-1-glib-devel-32bit' 'dbus-1-glib-doc' 'dbus-1-mono' 'dbus-1-presage' 'dbus-1-python-devel' 'dbus-1-python3-devel' 'dbus-1-qt3' 'dbus-1-qt3-32bit' 'dbus-1-qt3-devel' 'dbus-sharp' 'dbus-sharp-devel' 'dbus-sharp-glib' 'dbus-sharp-glib-devel' 'dbus-sharp-glib2' 'dbus-sharp-glib2-devel' 'dbus-sharp2' 'dbus-sharp2-devel' 'dbusxml2qt3' 'dbview' 'dc3dd' 'dc3dd-lang' 'dcadec' 'dcadec' 'dcadec-debuginfo' 'dcadec-debugsource' 'dcaenc' 'dcaenc' 'dcaenc-debuginfo' 'dcaenc-debugsource' 'dcatools' 'dcatools' 'dcatools-debuginfo' 'dcatools-debugsource' 'dcmtk' 'dcmtk-devel' 'dconf-devel' 'dconf-editor' 'dconf-editor-lang' 'dcraw' 'dcraw-lang' 'dd_rescue' 'dd_rhelp' 'ddccontrol' 'ddccontrol-db' 'ddccontrol-db-lang' 'ddccontrol-devel' 'ddccontrol-doc' 'ddccontrol-gtk' 'ddccontrol-lang' 'ddclient' 'ddd' 'ddd-doc' 'ddpt' 'dds2tar' 'ddskk' 'deadbeef' 'deadbeef' 'deadbeef-debuginfo' 'deadbeef-debugsource' 'deadbeef-devel' 'deadbeef-lang' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2-debuginfo' 'deadbeef-plugin-mpris2-debugsource' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier-debuginfo' 'deadbeef-plugin-statusnotifier-debugsource' 'deadbeef-plugins-extra' 'deadbeef-plugins-extra-debuginfo' 'debhelper' 'debootstrap' 'dee-devel' 'deepin-gsettings' 'deepin-media-player' 'deepin-media-player' 'deepin-media-player-lang' 'deepin-music-player' 'deepin-music-player-lang' 'deepin-tool-kit' 'deepin-ui' 'deepin-utils' 'dehydrated' 'dehydrated-apache2' 'dehydrated-lighttpd' 'dehydrated-nginx' 'deja-dup' 'deja-dup-lang' 'dejagnu' 'delaguardo-inconsolata_lgc-fonts' 'delayacct-utils' 'delta' 'deltafs' 'deluge' 'deluge-lang' 'derive' 'desktop-data-openSUSE-extra' 'deutex' 'dev86' 'devede' 'devede' 'devede-lang' 'devedeng' 'devedeng' 'devedeng-lang' 'devel_C_C++' 'devel_gnome' 'devel_ide' 'devel_java' 'devel_kde' 'devel_kde_frameworks' 'devel_kernel' 'devel_mono' 'devel_perl' 'devel_python' 'devel_python3' 'devel_qt4' 'devel_qt5' 'devel_rpm_build' 'devel_ruby' 'devel_tcl' 'devel_web' 'devel_yast' 'devhelp' 'devhelp-devel' 'devhelp-lang' 'device-mapper-32bit' 'device-mapper-devel' 'device-mapper-devel-32bit' 'devidify' 'devidify' 'devilspie2' 'devmem2' 'devscripts' 'dex' 'dfc' 'dfu-programmer' 'dh-autoreconf' 'dh-make' 'dhcp' 'dhcp-devel' 'dhcp-doc' 'dhcp-relay' 'dhcp-server' 'dhcp-tools' 'dhcp_dns_server' 'dhcpdetector' 'dhcpdetector' 'di' 'di' 'di-debuginfo' 'di-debugsource' 'dia' 'dia-lang' 'dialog-devel' 'dialog-examples' 'dianara' 'dicts' 'dietlibc' 'diff-pdf' 'diffmk' 'diffoscope' 'diffoscope' 'diffstat' 'dina-bitmap-fonts' 'ding' 'ding-dict-de_en' 'dirac' 'dirac-devel' 'dirac-devel-32bit' 'dirac-doc' 'dirdiff' 'directory_server' 'dirvish' 'discount' 'discover' 'discover-lang' 'discover-plasmoid' 'diskimage-builder' 'diskscan' 'distcc' 'distcc-gui' 'distcc-server' 'dita' 'dita-ot' 'djvu2pdf' 'djvulibre' 'djvulibre-djview4' 'djvulibre-doc' 'djvusmooth' 'djvusmooth-lang' 'dkimproxy' 'dkms' 'dkms' 'dleyna-connector-dbus' 'dleyna-core-devel' 'dleyna-renderer' 'dleyna-renderer-devel' 'dleyna-server' 'dleyna-server-devel' 'dmapi-devel' 'dmraid' 'dmtcp' 'dmtcp-devel' 'dmxproto-devel' 'dnsmasq' 'dnsmasq-utils' 'doc-gnu-ko' 'docbook-css-stylesheets' 'docbook-dsssl-stylesheets' 'docbook-simple' 'docbook-tdg' 'docbook-toys' 'docbook-utils' 'docbook-utils-minimal' 'docbook-xml-slides' 'docbook-xml-website' 'docbook-xsl-stylesheets' 'docbook-xsl-stylesheets-scripts' 'docbook2x' 'docbook2x-doc' 'docbook5-xsl-stylesheets' 'docbook_3' 'docbook_4' 'docbook_5' 'docker' 'docker' 'docker-bash-completion' 'docker-compose' 'docker-distribution' 'docker-distribution-registry' 'docker-img-store-setup' 'docker-img-store-setup' 'docker-libnetwork' 'docker-runc' 'docker-runc' 'docker-runc-test' 'docker-test' 'docker-zsh-completion' 'docky' 'docky-devel' 'docky-lang' 'doctest' 'dogtail' 'dolphin-devel' 'dolphin-plugins' 'dolphin-plugins-lang' 'dom2-core-tests' 'dom4j' 'dom4j-demo' 'dom4j-javadoc' 'dom4j-manual' 'domination' 'domination-data' 'doomsday' 'doomsday' 'doomsday-launcher' 'dosemu' 'dotconf' 'dotconf-devel' 'double-conversion-devel' 'dovecot' 'dovecot22' 'dovecot22' 'dovecot22-backend-mysql' 'dovecot22-backend-pgsql' 'dovecot22-backend-sqlite' 'dovecot22-devel' 'dovecot22-fts' 'dovecot22-fts-lucene' 'dovecot22-fts-solr' 'dovecot22-fts-squat' 'doxygen' 'doxygen-doc' 'doxywizard' 'dpdk' 'dpdk' 'dpdk-devel' 'dpdk-doc' 'dpdk-examples' 'dpdk-kmp-default' 'dpdk-tools' 'dpic' 'dpic-doc' 'dpkg' 'dpkg-devel' 'dpkg-lang' 'drac' 'dracut' 'dracut-fips' 'dracut-kiwi-live' 'dracut-kiwi-overlay' 'dracut-tools' 'drbd' 'drbd' 'drbd-kmp-default' 'drbd-utils' 'drbd-utils' 'dri2proto-devel' 'dri3proto-devel' 'driconf' 'drm' 'dropbox' 'drops' 'drracket' 'drumstick' 'drwright' 'drwright-lang' 'dsmidiwifi' 'dsmidiwifi' 'dsmidiwifi-debuginfo' 'dssi' 'dssi-devel' 'dssi-linuxsampler' 'dssi-linuxsampler-debuginfo' 'dstat' 'dt' 'dtb-source' 'dtc' 'dtv-scan-tables' 'dtv-scan-tables-v5' 'dump' 'dunelegacy' 'dunst' 'duperemove' 'duplicity' 'duply' 'dustrac' 'dv2sub' 'dv2sub' 'dv2sub-debuginfo' 'dv2sub-debugsource' 'dvb' 'dvb-devel' 'dvb-utils' 'dvbsnoop' 'dvd-slideshow' 'dvd-slideshow' 'dvdauthor' 'dvdauthor' 'dvdauthor-debuginfo' 'dvdauthor-debugsource' 'dvdauthor07' 'dvdauthor07' 'dvdauthor07-debuginfo' 'dvdauthor07-debugsource' 'dvdbackup' 'dvdbackup' 'dvdbackup-debuginfo' 'dvdbackup-debugsource' 'dvdinfo' 'dvdinfo' 'dvdinfo-debuginfo' 'dvdisaster' 'dvdisaster' 'dvdisaster-debuginfo' 'dvdisaster-debugsource' 'dvdisaster-docs' 'dvdrip' 'dvdrip' 'dvdrip-debuginfo' 'dvdshrink' 'dvdshrink' 'dvdwizard' 'dvdwizard' 'dvgrab' 'dvgt' 'dvswitch-git' 'dvswitch-git' 'dvswitch-git-client' 'dvswitch-git-client-debuginfo' 'dvswitch-git-debuginfo' 'dvswitch-git-debugsource' 'dvswitch-git-test' 'dvswitch-git-test-debuginfo' 'dwarves' 'dwz' 'dx' 'dx-data' 'dx-devel' 'dx-doc' 'dxflib-devel' 'dxirc' 'dxirc' 'dxirc-debuginfo' 'dxirc-debugsource' 'dynamic-wallpapers-11x' 'dynamips' 'dzen2' 'e16' 'e3' 'eaglemode' 'easy-rsa' 'easytag' 'easytag-lang' 'eatmydata' 'eb' 'eb-devel' 'eb-garamond-fonts' 'eb-lang' 'ebiso' 'ebizzy' 'eblook' 'eboard' 'eboard' 'eboard-debuginfo' 'ebook-tools' 'ebtables' 'ebur128' 'ebur128-debugsource' 'ecasound' 'ecasound' 'ecasound-debuginfo' 'ecasound-debugsource' 'ecasound-doc' 'echomixer' 'eciadsl-usermode' 'ecj' 'ecj-bootstrap' 'eclipse-swt' 'ecryptfs-utils' 'ecryptfs-utils' 'ecryptfs-utils-32bit' 'edgar' 'edict' 'editorconfig' 'editorconfig-core-c' 'editres' 'edje' 'eekboard' 'eekboard-devel' 'eeyek-fonts' 'efivar' 'efivar-devel' 'efl' 'efl-devel' 'efl-examples' 'efl-testsuite' 'efont-serif-fonts' 'eiciel' 'eiciel-lang' 'eigen3-devel' 'ekiga' 'ekiga-lang' 'ekiga-plugins-evolution' 'elektra' 'elektra-qt-gui' 'elementary' 'elementary-cmake-modules' 'elementary-examples' 'elementary-icon-theme' 'elemines' 'elftoaout' 'elib' 'elilo' 'elinks' 'ell-devel' 'elpa-devel' 'elpa-devel-static' 'elpa-tests' 'elpa-tools' 'elua' 'emacs' 'emacs' 'emacs-apel' 'emacs-auctex' 'emacs-color-theme' 'emacs-dash' 'emacs-el' 'emacs-flim' 'emacs-haskell-mode' 'emacs-info' 'emacs-nox' 'emacs-vm' 'emacs-w3' 'emacs-with-editor' 'emacs-x11' 'embryo' 'emil' 'emojione-color-font' 'emount' 'emount' 'emount-debuginfo' 'emount-debugsource' 'empathy' 'empathy' 'empathy' 'empathy-lang' 'enca' 'enca-devel' 'encfs' 'encfs-lang' 'enchant-devel' 'enchant-tools' 'enchant-voikko' 'enchant-voikko-32bit' 'enchant-zemberek-32bit' 'endless-sky' 'enet-devel' 'engauge-digitizer' 'engauge-digitizer-doc' 'engdic' 'engine_pkcs11' 'engrampa' 'engrampa-lang' 'enigmail' 'enigmail' 'enlightenment' 'enlightenment' 'enlightenment-branding-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-branding-upstream' 'enlightenment-devel' 'enlightenment-doc-html' 'enlightenment-profiles-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-theme-cerium2' 'enlightenment-theme-dark' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE-ice' 'enlightenment-theme-openSUSE-oliveleaf' 'enlightenment-theme-upstream' 'enlightenment-x-dark-icon-theme' 'entangle' 'entangle-doc' 'entangle-lang' 'entangle-plugin-photobox' 'entangle-plugin-shooter' 'envoy' 'envy24control' 'eog' 'eog-devel' 'eog-lang' 'eog-plugin-exif-display' 'eog-plugin-export-to-folder' 'eog-plugin-fit-to-width' 'eog-plugin-fullscreenbg' 'eog-plugin-hide-titlebar' 'eog-plugin-light-theme' 'eog-plugin-map' 'eog-plugin-maximize-windows' 'eog-plugin-postasa' 'eog-plugin-pythonconsole' 'eog-plugin-send-by-mail' 'eog-plugin-slideshowshuffle' 'eog-plugins' 'eog-plugins-data' 'eog-plugins-lang' 'eom' 'eom-devel' 'eom-lang' 'eperiodique' 'epic' 'epiphany' 'epiphany-branding-openSUSE' 'epiphany-branding-upstream' 'epiphany-lang' 'epplet-base' 'epson-inkjet-printer-escpr' 'epydoc' 'epymc' 'epymc-lang' 'equalizer' 'equalizer' 'equalizer-debuginfo' 'equalizer-debugsource' 'equalizer-devel' 'equalizer-doc' 'equalx' 'erfa-devel' 'erfa-devel-static' 'eric5' 'eric5' 'eric5-api' 'erlang' 'erlang' 'erlang-debugger' 'erlang-debugger-src' 'erlang-dialyzer' 'erlang-dialyzer-src' 'erlang-diameter' 'erlang-diameter-src' 'erlang-doc' 'erlang-epmd' 'erlang-et' 'erlang-et-src' 'erlang-gs' 'erlang-gs-src' 'erlang-jinterface' 'erlang-jinterface-src' 'erlang-observer' 'erlang-observer-src' 'erlang-rabbitmq-client' 'erlang-rebar' 'erlang-rebar-src' 'erlang-reltool' 'erlang-reltool-src' 'erlang-retest' 'erlang-retest-src' 'erlang-sd_notify' 'erlang-src' 'erlang-wx' 'erlang-wx-src' 'esound-utils' 'espeak' 'espeak-devel' 'espeak-gui' 'espeak-gui-lang' 'espeakedit' 'espresso' 'espresso-common' 'espresso-doc' 'espresso-openmpi' 'etags' 'etc-update' 'etcd' 'etcdctl' 'etckeeper' 'etckeeper-cron' 'etckeeper-zypp-plugin' 'etherape' 'etrophy' 'etrophy-data' 'etrophy-devel' 'euca2ools' 'evas-generic-loaders' 'evemu' 'evemu-devel' 'eventstat' 'eventviews-devel' 'evieproto-devel' 'evince' 'evince' 'evince-browser-plugin' 'evince-devel' 'evince-lang' 'evince-plugin-comicsdocument' 'evince-plugin-djvudocument' 'evince-plugin-dvidocument' 'evince-plugin-pdfdocument' 'evince-plugin-psdocument' 'evince-plugin-tiffdocument' 'evince-plugin-xpsdocument' 'evmctl' 'evolution' 'evolution' 'evolution-data-server' 'evolution-data-server' 'evolution-data-server-32bit' 'evolution-data-server-devel' 'evolution-data-server-doc' 'evolution-data-server-lang' 'evolution-devel' 'evolution-ews' 'evolution-ews-devel' 'evolution-ews-lang' 'evolution-lang' 'evolution-plugin-bogofilter' 'evolution-plugin-pst-import' 'evolution-plugin-rss' 'evolution-plugin-rss-lang' 'evolution-plugin-spamassassin' 'evtest' 'exaile' 'exaile-lang' 'execstack' 'exempi' 'exempi-tools' 'exercism' 'exfat-utils' 'exfat-utils' 'exfat-utils-debuginfo' 'exfat-utils-debugsource' 'exif' 'exiftran' 'exim' 'exim' 'eximon' 'eximstats-html' 'exiv2' 'exmh' 'exo-devel' 'exo-lang' 'exo-tools' 'exodusii-devel' 'expat' 'expect' 'expect-devel' 'explain' 'ext3grep' 'ext4magic' 'extra-cmake-modules' 'extract-appdata-icons' 'extractor' 'extractor' 'extractor-debuginfo' 'extractor-debugsource' 'extractor-lang' 'extractor-plugins' 'extractor-plugins-debuginfo' 'extreme-tuxracer' 'extundelete' 'ez-ipupdate' 'ezstream' 'ezstream' 'ezstream-debuginfo' 'ezstream-debugsource' 'f2c' 'f2c-32bit' 'f2fs-tools' 'f2fs-tools-compat' 'f2fs-tools-devel' 'f3' 'fIcy' 'fIcy' 'fIcy-debuginfo' 'fIcy-debugsource' 'faac' 'faac' 'faac-debuginfo' 'faac-debugsource' 'faad2' 'faad2' 'faad2-debuginfo' 'faad2-debugsource' 'faba-icon-theme' 'fabtests' 'faenza-icon-theme' 'faenza-icon-theme-ambiance' 'faenza-icon-theme-dark' 'faenza-icon-theme-darker' 'faenza-icon-theme-darkest' 'faenza-icon-theme-mint' 'faenza-icon-theme-radiance' 'fail2ban' 'fakeroot' 'fakeroot-32bit' 'farsi-fonts' 'farstream-0_1' 'farstream-0_1-data' 'farstream-0_1-debugsource' 'farstream-0_1-devel' 'farstream-devel' 'fastjar' 'fastjet-devel' 'fastjet-plugin-siscone' 'fastjet-plugin-siscone-devel' 'fate' 'fate' 'fatrace' 'fatsort' 'fbdesk' 'fbdesk' 'fbdesk-debuginfo' 'fbdesk-debugsource' 'fbi' 'fbiterm' 'fbreader' 'fbterm' 'fcitx' 'fcitx-anthy' 'fcitx-branding-openSUSE' 'fcitx-chewing' 'fcitx-cloudpinyin' 'fcitx-config-gtk3' 'fcitx-devel' 'fcitx-fbterm' 'fcitx-googlepinyin' 'fcitx-gtk2' 'fcitx-gtk2-32bit' 'fcitx-gtk3' 'fcitx-gtk3-32bit' 'fcitx-hangul' 'fcitx-kkc' 'fcitx-libpinyin' 'fcitx-m17n' 'fcitx-mozc' 'fcitx-pinyin' 'fcitx-pinyin-tools' 'fcitx-pylogger' 'fcitx-qt4' 'fcitx-qt4-32bit' 'fcitx-qt5' 'fcitx-qt5-32bit' 'fcitx-qt5-devel' 'fcitx-quwei' 'fcitx-rime' 'fcitx-sayura' 'fcitx-skin-classic' 'fcitx-skin-dark' 'fcitx-skin-new-air' 'fcitx-skk' 'fcitx-sunpinyin' 'fcitx-table' 'fcitx-table-amharic' 'fcitx-table-arabic' 'fcitx-table-cn-bingchan' 'fcitx-table-cn-cangjie' 'fcitx-table-cn-cantonese' 'fcitx-table-cn-cns11643' 'fcitx-table-cn-dianbao' 'fcitx-table-cn-erbi' 'fcitx-table-cn-wanfeng' 'fcitx-table-cn-wu' 'fcitx-table-cn-wubi' 'fcitx-table-cn-wubi-large' 'fcitx-table-cn-wubi-pinyin' 'fcitx-table-cn-zhengma' 'fcitx-table-cn-zhengma-large' 'fcitx-table-cn-ziran' 'fcitx-table-emoji' 'fcitx-table-extra-lang' 'fcitx-table-hk-cantonese' 'fcitx-table-hk-jyutping' 'fcitx-table-hk-stroke5' 'fcitx-table-ipa-x-sampa' 'fcitx-table-latex' 'fcitx-table-malayalam-compose' 'fcitx-table-malayalam-phonetic' 'fcitx-table-other' 'fcitx-table-ru-rustrad' 'fcitx-table-ru-translit' 'fcitx-table-ru-yawerty' 'fcitx-table-t9' 'fcitx-table-tamil-remington' 'fcitx-table-thai' 'fcitx-table-tools' 'fcitx-table-tw-array30' 'fcitx-table-tw-array30-large' 'fcitx-table-tw-boshiamy' 'fcitx-table-tw-cangjie-large' 'fcitx-table-tw-cangjie3' 'fcitx-table-tw-cangjie5' 'fcitx-table-tw-easy-large' 'fcitx-table-tw-quick-classic' 'fcitx-table-tw-quick3' 'fcitx-table-tw-quick5' 'fcitx-table-tw-smart-cangjie6' 'fcitx-table-ua-translit' 'fcitx-table-vi-qr' 'fcitx-ui-light' 'fcitx-unikey' 'fcitx-zhuyin' 'fcoe-utils' 'fcwnn' 'fcwnn-devel' 'fcwnncom' 'fd0ssh' 'fdk-aac' 'fdk-aac-debugsource' 'fdk-aac-devel' 'fedfs-utils-admin' 'fedfs-utils-client' 'fedfs-utils-common' 'fedfs-utils-devel' 'fedfs-utils-nsdbparams' 'fedfs-utils-server' 'feh' 'fence-agents' 'fence-agents-devel' 'festival' 'festival-devel' 'fetchmail' 'fetchmail' 'fetchmailconf' 'fetchmsttfonts' 'fetchmsttfonts' 'ffado' 'ffado-doc' 'ffado-mixer' 'ffcall' 'ffgtk' 'ffgtk' 'ffgtk-debuginfo' 'ffgtk-debugsource' 'ffhevc' 'ffhevc' 'ffmpeg' 'ffmpeg-2.8' 'ffmpeg-2.8' 'ffmpeg-2.8-debuginfo' 'ffmpeg-2.8-debugsource' 'ffmpeg-3.2' 'ffmpeg-3.2' 'ffmpeg-3.2-debuginfo' 'ffmpeg-3.2-debugsource' 'ffmpeg2' 'ffmpeg2-devel' 'ffmpeg2theora' 'ffmpeg2theora' 'ffmpeg2theora-debuginfo' 'ffmpeg2theora-debugsource' 'ffmpegthumbnailer' 'ffmpegthumbnailer' 'ffmpegthumbnailer-debuginfo' 'ffmpegthumbnailer-debugsource' 'ffmpegyag' 'ffmpegyag' 'ffmpegyag-debuginfo' 'ffmpegyag-debugsource' 'ffms2' 'ffms2-debugsource' 'ffmsindex' 'ffmsindex-debuginfo' 'ffsb' 'fftw3-mpi-devel' 'fftw3-openmp-devel' 'fftw3-threads-devel' 'ffx264' 'ffx264' 'ffxvid' 'ffxvid' 'fhs' 'fifechan-devel' 'fifth-leg-font' 'figlet' 'file' 'file-devel' 'file-roller' 'file-roller-lang' 'file_server' 'filebench' 'filelight' 'filelight-lang' 'filezilla' 'filezilla-lang' 'fillets-ng' 'fillets-ng-data' 'finch' 'finch-devel' 'findbugs' 'findbugs-bcel' 'findbugs-bcel-javadoc' 'findbugs-javadoc' 'findbugs-tools' 'findutils-lang' 'finger-server' 'fio' 'fipscheck-devel' 'firebird' 'firebird-32bit' 'firebird-classic' 'firebird-devel' 'firebird-doc' 'firebird-superserver' 'firescope' 'firewall-applet' 'firewall-config' 'firewalld' 'firewalld-lang' 'firmwarekit' 'fish' 'fityk' 'fityk-devel' 'five-or-more' 'five-or-more-lang' 'fkwnn' 'fkwnn-devel' 'flac' 'flac' 'flac-debuginfo' 'flac-debugsource' 'flac-devel' 'flac-devel-32bit' 'flac-doc' 'flacon' 'flacon' 'flacon-debuginfo' 'flacon-debugsource' 'flacon-lang' 'flamerobin' 'flannel' 'flare' 'flare-game' 'flash-player' 'flash-player-gnome' 'flash-player-ppapi' 'flashrom' 'flashrom' 'flashrom-debuginfo' 'flashrom-debugsource' 'flatpak' 'flatpak' 'flatpak-builder' 'flatpak-devel' 'flex-32bit' 'flex-old' 'flexdock' 'flickcurl' 'flickcurl-doc' 'flickrnet' 'flickrnet-devel' 'flim-xemacs' 'flint-devel' 'florence' 'florence-lang' 'flowblade' 'flowblade' 'flowblade-lang' 'flowgrind' 'fltk-devel' 'fltk-devel-32bit' 'fltk-devel-static' 'fluid-soundfont-gm' 'fluid-soundfont-gs' 'fluidsynth' 'fluidsynth-devel' 'fluidsynth-dssi' 'flute-javadoc' 'fly' 'fnotifystat' 'focuswriter' 'folder-color-common' 'folder-color-common-lang' 'folks-devel' 'folks-lang' 'folks-tools' 'fondu' 'fonehome' 'fonehome-server' 'font-specimen' 'font-specimen-devel' 'font-util' 'fontawesome-fonts' 'fontawesome-fonts-web' 'fontcacheproto-devel' 'fontconfig-devel-32bit' 'fontforge' 'fontforge-devel' 'fontforge-doc' 'fontpackages-devel' 'fonts-KanjiStrokeOrders' 'fontsproto-devel' 'fonttools' 'fonttosfnt' 'fontweak' 'forkbomb' 'forkstat' 'form' 'form-doc' 'fossil' 'fossil' 'fotowall' 'fotowall' 'fotowall-debuginfo' 'four-in-a-row' 'four-in-a-row-lang' 'fox16-devel' 'fox16-devel-static' 'fox16-doc' 'fox16-example-apps' 'fparser-devel' 'fpc' 'fpc' 'fpc-debuginfo' 'fpc-debugsource' 'fpc-doc' 'fpc-src' 'fping' 'fplll' 'fpm2' 'fpm2' 'fpm2-debuginfo' 'fpm2-debugsource' 'fpm2-lang' 'fprintd' 'fprintd-devel' 'fprintd-lang' 'fprintd-pam' 'fprintd-pam-32bit' 'frame' 'frame-devel' 'frameworkintegration-devel' 'frameworkintegration-devel-32bit' 'frameworkintegration-plugin-32bit' 'free-ttf-fonts' 'freealut-devel' 'freeciv' 'freeciv-gtk3' 'freedoom' 'freedup' 'freeglut-demo' 'freeglut-devel' 'freeglut-devel-32bit' 'freeimage' 'freeimage-devel' 'freeipmi' 'freeipmi-bmc-watchdog' 'freeipmi-devel' 'freeipmi-ipmidetectd' 'freenx-client' 'freepops' 'freepops' 'freepops-debuginfo' 'freepops-debugsource' 'freeradius-client' 'freeradius-client-devel' 'freeradius-client-libs' 'freeradius-server' 'freeradius-server' 'freeradius-server-devel' 'freeradius-server-doc' 'freeradius-server-krb5' 'freeradius-server-ldap' 'freeradius-server-libs' 'freeradius-server-mysql' 'freeradius-server-perl' 'freeradius-server-postgresql' 'freeradius-server-python' 'freeradius-server-sqlite' 'freeradius-server-utils' 'freerdp' 'freerdp' 'freerdp-devel' 'freeseer' 'freeseer' 'freeswitch' 'freeswitch' 'freeswitch-application-abstraction' 'freeswitch-application-abstraction-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-avmd' 'freeswitch-application-avmd-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-blacklist' 'freeswitch-application-blacklist-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-callcenter' 'freeswitch-application-callcenter-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-cidlookup' 'freeswitch-application-cidlookup-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-conference' 'freeswitch-application-conference-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-curl' 'freeswitch-application-curl-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-db' 'freeswitch-application-db-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-directory' 'freeswitch-application-directory-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-distributor' 'freeswitch-application-distributor-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-easyroute' 'freeswitch-application-easyroute-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-enum' 'freeswitch-application-enum-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-esf' 'freeswitch-application-esf-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-esl' 'freeswitch-application-esl-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-expr' 'freeswitch-application-expr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-fifo' 'freeswitch-application-fifo-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-fsk' 'freeswitch-application-fsk-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-fsv' 'freeswitch-application-fsv-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-hash' 'freeswitch-application-hash-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-httapi' 'freeswitch-application-httapi-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-http-cache' 'freeswitch-application-http-cache-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-lcr' 'freeswitch-application-lcr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-limit' 'freeswitch-application-limit-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-memcache' 'freeswitch-application-memcache-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-nibblebill' 'freeswitch-application-nibblebill-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-redis' 'freeswitch-application-redis-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-rss' 'freeswitch-application-rss-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-sms' 'freeswitch-application-sms-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-snapshot' 'freeswitch-application-snapshot-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-snom' 'freeswitch-application-snom-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-soundtouch' 'freeswitch-application-soundtouch-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-spy' 'freeswitch-application-spy-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-stress' 'freeswitch-application-stress-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-valet_parking' 'freeswitch-application-valet_parking-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail-ivr' 'freeswitch-application-voicemail-ivr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-flite' 'freeswitch-asrtts-flite-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-pocketsphinx' 'freeswitch-asrtts-pocketsphinx-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-tts-commandline' 'freeswitch-asrtts-tts-commandline-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-asrtts-unimrcp' 'freeswitch-asrtts-unimrcp-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-bv' 'freeswitch-codec-bv-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-celt' 'freeswitch-codec-celt-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-codec2' 'freeswitch-codec-codec2-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-h26x' 'freeswitch-codec-h26x-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-ilbc' 'freeswitch-codec-ilbc-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-isac' 'freeswitch-codec-isac-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-mp4v' 'freeswitch-codec-mp4v-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-opus' 'freeswitch-codec-opus-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amr' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amrwb' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-amrwb-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g723_1' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g723_1-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g729' 'freeswitch-codec-passthru-g729-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-silk' 'freeswitch-codec-silk-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-siren' 'freeswitch-codec-siren-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-speex' 'freeswitch-codec-speex-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-codec-theora' 'freeswitch-codec-theora-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-config-vanilla' 'freeswitch-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-debugsource' 'freeswitch-devel' 'freeswitch-endpoint-dingaling' 'freeswitch-endpoint-dingaling-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-gsmopen' 'freeswitch-endpoint-gsmopen-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-portaudio' 'freeswitch-endpoint-portaudio-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-rtmp' 'freeswitch-endpoint-rtmp-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skinny' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skinny-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skypopen' 'freeswitch-endpoint-skypopen-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-mongodb' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-mongodb-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-pg-csv' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-pg-csv-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-sqlite' 'freeswitch-event-cdr-sqlite-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-erlang-event' 'freeswitch-event-erlang-event-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-json-cdr' 'freeswitch-event-json-cdr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-multicast' 'freeswitch-event-multicast-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-event-snmp' 'freeswitch-event-snmp-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-local-stream' 'freeswitch-format-local-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-mod-shout' 'freeswitch-format-mod-shout-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-native-file' 'freeswitch-format-native-file-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-portaudio-stream' 'freeswitch-format-portaudio-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-shell-stream' 'freeswitch-format-shell-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-format-tone-stream' 'freeswitch-format-tone-stream-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-freetdm' 'freeswitch-freetdm-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-de' 'freeswitch-lang-de-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-en' 'freeswitch-lang-en-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-es' 'freeswitch-lang-es-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-fr' 'freeswitch-lang-fr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-he' 'freeswitch-lang-he-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-pt' 'freeswitch-lang-pt-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lang-ru' 'freeswitch-lang-ru-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-lua' 'freeswitch-lua-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-perl' 'freeswitch-perl-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-python' 'freeswitch-python-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-spidermonkey' 'freeswitch-spidermonkey-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-timer-posix' 'freeswitch-timer-posix-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-xml-cdr' 'freeswitch-xml-cdr-debuginfo' 'freeswitch-xml-curl' 'freeswitch-xml-curl-debuginfo' 'freetds-devel' 'freetds-doc' 'freetds-tools' 'freetuxtv' 'freetuxtv' 'freetuxtv-debuginfo' 'freetuxtv-debugsource' 'freetuxtv-devel' 'freetuxtv-lang' 'freetype' 'freetype-devel' 'freetype-tools' 'freetype2' 'freetype2-devel-32bit' 'freexl' 'freexl-devel' 'frei0r-plugins' 'frei0r-plugins' 'frei0r-plugins-devel' 'frei0r-plugins-opencv' 'freqtweak' 'frescobaldi' 'freshplayerplugin' 'freshplayerplugin' 'freshplayerplugin-debuginfo' 'freshplayerplugin-debugsource' 'fribidi-32bit' 'fribidi-devel' 'frink' 'fritzing' 'fritzing-parts' 'frogr' 'frogr-lang' 'froxlor' 'frozen-bubble' 'frozen-bubble-lang' 'frozen-bubble-server' 'fruit21' 'fruit21' 'fruit21-debuginfo' 'fs-check' 'fs_mark' 'fsarchiver' 'fsharp' 'fslsfonts' 'fstobdf' 'fstrm' 'fstrm-devel' 'fsvs' 'fswebcam' 'ft2demos' 'ftgl-demo' 'ftgl-devel' 'ftop' 'ftp' 'ftsteutates' 'ftsteutates-kmp-default' 'ftsteutates-sensors' 'ftwnn' 'funkload' 'funny-manpages' 'funny-manpages' 'fuse-devel' 'fuse-devel-static' 'fuse-exfat' 'fuse-exfat' 'fuse-exfat-debuginfo' 'fuse-exfat-debugsource' 'fusecompress' 'fuseiso' 'fusepod' 'fusesmb' 'fusion-icon' 'fvwm-themes' 'fvwm2' 'fwbuilder' 'fwnn' 'fwnn-devel' 'fwnncom' 'fwts' 'fwts' 'fwupdate' 'fwupdate-devel' 'fwupdate-efi' 'fwzs' 'fxload' 'g3utils' 'gCue2tracks' 'gCue2tracks' 'gFTP' 'gLabels' 'gThumb' 'gaa' 'gajim' 'gajim-lang' 'galaxis' 'galculator' 'galculator-lang' 'gama' 'gambas3' 'gambas3' 'gambas3-debugsource' 'gambas3-devel' 'gambas3-devel-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-args' 'gambas3-gb-cairo' 'gambas3-gb-cairo-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-chart' 'gambas3-gb-clipper' 'gambas3-gb-clipper-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-complex' 'gambas3-gb-complex-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-compress' 'gambas3-gb-compress-bzlib2' 'gambas3-gb-compress-bzlib2-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-compress-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-compress-zlib' 'gambas3-gb-compress-zlib-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-crypt' 'gambas3-gb-crypt-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-data' 'gambas3-gb-data-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db' 'gambas3-gb-db-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-form' 'gambas3-gb-db-mysql' 'gambas3-gb-db-mysql-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-odbc' 'gambas3-gb-db-odbc-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-postgresql' 'gambas3-gb-db-postgresql-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite2' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite2-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite3' 'gambas3-gb-db-sqlite3-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-dbus' 'gambas3-gb-dbus-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-desktop' 'gambas3-gb-desktop-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-eval-highlight' 'gambas3-gb-form' 'gambas3-gb-form-dialog' 'gambas3-gb-form-editor' 'gambas3-gb-form-mdi' 'gambas3-gb-form-stock' 'gambas3-gb-form-terminal' 'gambas3-gb-geom' 'gambas3-gb-geom-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gmp' 'gambas3-gb-gmp-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gsl' 'gambas3-gb-gsl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gtk' 'gambas3-gb-gtk-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gtk-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-gtk-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gtk3' 'gambas3-gb-gtk3-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-gui' 'gambas3-gb-gui-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-httpd' 'gambas3-gb-httpd-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image' 'gambas3-gb-image-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image-effect' 'gambas3-gb-image-effect-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image-imlib' 'gambas3-gb-image-imlib-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-image-io' 'gambas3-gb-image-io-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-inotify' 'gambas3-gb-inotify-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-libxml' 'gambas3-gb-libxml-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-logging' 'gambas3-gb-maps' 'gambas3-gb-markdown' 'gambas3-gb-media' 'gambas3-gb-media-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-memcached' 'gambas3-gb-mime' 'gambas3-gb-mime-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-mysql' 'gambas3-gb-ncurses' 'gambas3-gb-ncurses-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-net' 'gambas3-gb-net-curl' 'gambas3-gb-net-curl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-net-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-net-pop3' 'gambas3-gb-net-smtp' 'gambas3-gb-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glsl' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glsl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glu' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-glu-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-sge' 'gambas3-gb-opengl-sge-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-openssl' 'gambas3-gb-openssl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-option' 'gambas3-gb-option-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-pcre' 'gambas3-gb-pcre-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-pdf' 'gambas3-gb-pdf-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-ext' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-ext-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-webkit' 'gambas3-gb-qt4-webkit-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-ext' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-ext-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-opengl' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-opengl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-webkit' 'gambas3-gb-qt5-webkit-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-report' 'gambas3-gb-report2' 'gambas3-gb-scanner' 'gambas3-gb-sdl' 'gambas3-gb-sdl-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-sdl-sound' 'gambas3-gb-sdl-sound-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-settings' 'gambas3-gb-signal' 'gambas3-gb-signal-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-util' 'gambas3-gb-util-web' 'gambas3-gb-v4l' 'gambas3-gb-v4l-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-vb' 'gambas3-gb-vb-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-web' 'gambas3-gb-web-form' 'gambas3-gb-xml' 'gambas3-gb-xml-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-xml-rpc' 'gambas3-gb-xml-rpc-debuginfo' 'gambas3-gb-xml-xslt' 'gambas3-gb-xml-xslt-debuginfo' 'gambas3-ide' 'gambas3-runtime' 'gambas3-runtime-debuginfo' 'gambas3-script' 'gamin-devel' 'gammu' 'gammu-devel' 'gammu-doc' 'gammu-smsd' 'garglk' 'garglk' 'garglk-debuginfo' 'garglk-debugsource' 'garlic' 'garlic-doc' 'gasnet' 'gasnet-devel' 'gasnet-doc' 'gateway_server' 'gaupol' 'gavl' 'gbdfed' 'gbrainy' 'gbrainy' 'gbrainy-lang' 'gc-devel' 'gcab' 'gcab-devel' 'gcab-lang' 'gcal' 'gcal-lang' 'gcc-32bit' 'gcc-ada' 'gcc-c++-32bit' 'gcc-fortran' 'gcc-fortran-32bit' 'gcc-gij' 'gcc-gij-32bit' 'gcc-java' 'gcc-locale' 'gcc-obj-c++' 'gcc-objc' 'gcc-objc-32bit' 'gcc48' 'gcc48-32bit' 'gcc48-ada' 'gcc48-ada-32bit' 'gcc48-fortran' 'gcc48-fortran-32bit' 'gcc48-gij' 'gcc48-gij-32bit' 'gcc48-java' 'gcc48-locale' 'gcc48-obj-c++' 'gcc48-objc' 'gcc48-objc-32bit' 'gcc48-testresults' 'gcc48-testresults' 'gcc5' 'gcc5-32bit' 'gcc5-ada' 'gcc5-ada-32bit' 'gcc5-c++' 'gcc5-c++-32bit' 'gcc5-fortran' 'gcc5-fortran-32bit' 'gcc5-go' 'gcc5-go-32bit' 'gcc5-info' 'gcc5-locale' 'gcc5-testresults' 'gcc6' 'gcc6-32bit' 'gcc6-ada' 'gcc6-ada-32bit' 'gcc6-c++' 'gcc6-c++-32bit' 'gcc6-fortran' 'gcc6-fortran-32bit' 'gcc6-go' 'gcc6-go-32bit' 'gcc6-info' 'gcc6-locale' 'gcc6-testresults' 'gcc7' 'gcc7' 'gcc7-32bit' 'gcc7-ada' 'gcc7-ada-32bit' 'gcc7-c++' 'gcc7-c++-32bit' 'gcc7-fortran' 'gcc7-fortran-32bit' 'gcc7-go' 'gcc7-go-32bit' 'gcc7-info' 'gcc7-locale' 'gcc7-obj-c++' 'gcc7-obj-c++-32bit' 'gcc7-objc' 'gcc7-objc-32bit' 'gcc7-testresults' 'gcc7-testresults' 'gccmakedep' 'gcdemu' 'gcdemu-lang' 'gcimagebundle' 'gcimagebundle-test' 'gcin' 'gcin-anthy' 'gcin-branding-openSUSE' 'gcin-branding-upstream' 'gcin-gtk2' 'gcin-gtk2-32bit' 'gcin-gtk3' 'gcin-gtk3-32bit' 'gcin-qt4' 'gcin-qt4-32bit' 'gcin-qt5' 'gcin-qt5-32bit' 'gcolor2' 'gcompris' 'gcompris-devel' 'gcompris-qt' 'gcompris-qt-activities' 'gcompris-qt-lang' 'gcompris-qt-voices' 'gcompris-voices-ar' 'gcompris-voices-br' 'gcompris-voices-cs' 'gcompris-voices-da' 'gcompris-voices-de' 'gcompris-voices-el' 'gcompris-voices-en' 'gcompris-voices-es' 'gcompris-voices-eu' 'gcompris-voices-fi' 'gcompris-voices-fr' 'gcompris-voices-hi' 'gcompris-voices-hu' 'gcompris-voices-id' 'gcompris-voices-it' 'gcompris-voices-mr' 'gcompris-voices-nb' 'gcompris-voices-nl' 'gcompris-voices-pt' 'gcompris-voices-pt-br' 'gcompris-voices-ru' 'gcompris-voices-so' 'gcompris-voices-sr' 'gcompris-voices-sv' 'gcompris-voices-tr' 'gconf-editor' 'gconf-editor-lang' 'gconf-sharp-peditors2' 'gconf-sharp2' 'gconf2-32bit' 'gconf2-devel' 'gconfmm-devel' 'gcstar' 'gd' 'gd-devel' 'gdal' 'gdal-devel' 'gdata-sharp' 'gdata-sharp-devel' 'gdb' 'gdb-testresults' 'gdbm-devel-32bit' 'gdbserver' 'gdk-pixbuf' 'gdk-pixbuf-devel-32bit' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-libopenraw-32bit' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-rsvg-32bit' 'gdl-devel' 'gdl-lang' 'gdlmm-devel' 'gdm' 'gdm-branding-openSUSE' 'gdm-branding-upstream' 'gdm-devel' 'gdm-lang' 'gdmflexiserver' 'gdouros-aegean-fonts' 'gdouros-aegyptus-fonts' 'gdouros-akkadian-fonts' 'gdouros-alfios-fonts' 'gdouros-analecta-fonts' 'gdouros-anatolian-fonts' 'gdouros-atavyros-fonts' 'gdouros-maya-fonts' 'gdouros-musica-fonts' 'gdouros-symbola-fonts' 'gdouros-text-fonts' 'gdouros-unidings-fonts' 'geany' 'geany-devel' 'geany-doc' 'geany-lang' 'geany-plugins' 'geany-plugins-lang' 'geary' 'geary-lang' 'geda-doc' 'geda-examples' 'geda-gaf' 'geda-gattrib' 'geda-gnetlist' 'geda-gschem' 'geda-gsymcheck' 'geda-symbols' 'geda-utils' 'geda-xgsch2pcb' 'gedit' 'gedit-devel' 'gedit-lang' 'gedit-latex-lang' 'gedit-plugin-bookmarks' 'gedit-plugin-bracketcompletion' 'gedit-plugin-charmap' 'gedit-plugin-code-assistance' 'gedit-plugin-codecomment' 'gedit-plugin-colorpicker' 'gedit-plugin-colorschemer' 'gedit-plugin-commander' 'gedit-plugin-dashboard' 'gedit-plugin-devhelp' 'gedit-plugin-drawspaces' 'gedit-plugin-git' 'gedit-plugin-joinlines' 'gedit-plugin-latex' 'gedit-plugin-multiedit' 'gedit-plugin-smartspaces' 'gedit-plugin-synctex' 'gedit-plugin-terminal' 'gedit-plugin-textsize' 'gedit-plugin-wordcompletion' 'gedit-plugin-zeitgeist' 'gedit-plugins' 'gedit-plugins-data' 'gedit-plugins-lang' 'geeqie' 'geeqie-lang' 'gegl' 'gegl-0_3' 'gegl-0_3-lang' 'gegl-devel' 'gegl-doc' 'gegl-unstable' 'gegl-unstable-devel' 'gegl-unstable-doc' 'geis-devel' 'geis-tools' 'gemrb' 'generic_server' 'gengetopt' 'genius' 'genius-devel' 'genius-lang' 'genromfs' 'gentoo' 'gentoo' 'gentoo-debuginfo' 'gentoo-debugsource' 'geoclue' 'geoclue-example' 'geoclue-gsmloc' 'geoclue-recommended' 'geoclue2-devel' 'geocode-glib' 'geocode-glib-devel' 'geoipupdate' 'geos' 'geos-devel' 'geos-doc' 'geotiff' 'geotiff-devel' 'gerbv' 'gerbv-devel' 'geronimo-annotation-1_0-api' 'geronimo-commonj-1_1-apis' 'geronimo-corba-1_0-apis' 'geronimo-corba-2_3-apis' 'geronimo-ejb-2_1-api' 'geronimo-ejb-3_0-api' 'geronimo-el-1_0-api' 'geronimo-interceptor-3_0-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-1_4-apis' 'geronimo-j2ee-connector-1_5-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-deployment-1_1-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-management-1_0-api' 'geronimo-j2ee-management-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jacc-1_0-api' 'geronimo-jacc-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jaf-1_0_2-api' 'geronimo-jaf-1_1-api' 'geronimo-javaee-deployment-1_1-api' 'geronimo-javamail-1_3_1-api' 'geronimo-javamail-1_4-api' 'geronimo-jaxr-1_0-api' 'geronimo-jaxrpc-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jms-1_1-api' 'geronimo-jpa-3_0-api' 'geronimo-jsp-2_0-api' 'geronimo-jsp-2_1-api' 'geronimo-jta-1_0_1B-api' 'geronimo-jta-1_1-api' 'geronimo-qname-1_1-api' 'geronimo-saaj-1_1-api' 'geronimo-servlet-2_4-api' 'geronimo-servlet-2_5-api' 'geronimo-specs' 'geronimo-specs-javadoc' 'geronimo-specs-poms' 'geronimo-stax-1_0-api' 'geronimo-ws-metadata-2_0-api' 'get-flash-videos' 'get_iplayer' 'get_iplayer' 'get_iplayer-pvr' 'getdata' 'getdata-devel' 'getdata-doc' 'getdp' 'getdp-devel' 'getdp-doc' 'getmail' 'getmail-doc' 'gettext-csharp' 'gettext-java' 'gettext-runtime-32bit' 'gettext-runtime-mini' 'gettext-runtime-mini-tools-doc' 'gettext-runtime-tools-doc' 'gettext-tools-32bit' 'gettext-tools-mini' 'gexif' 'gexif-lang' 'gf2x-devel' 'gfan' 'gfbgraph-devel' 'gfio' 'gfs2-utils' 'gftp' 'gftp-common' 'gftp-common-lang' 'gftp-text' 'gfxboot-branding-KDE' 'gfxboot-branding-upstream' 'gfxboot-devel' 'ggz-client-libs' 'ggz-client-libs-devel' 'ggz-client-libs-lang' 'ghc' 'ghc-AC-Vector' 'ghc-AC-Vector-devel' 'ghc-BNFC' 'ghc-BNFC-devel' 'ghc-Boolean' 'ghc-Boolean-devel' 'ghc-BoundedChan' 'ghc-BoundedChan-devel' 'ghc-Cabal' 'ghc-Cabal-devel' 'ghc-ChannelT' 'ghc-ChannelT-devel' 'ghc-ChasingBottoms' 'ghc-ChasingBottoms-devel' 'ghc-ConfigFile' 'ghc-ConfigFile-devel' 'ghc-DAV' 'ghc-DAV-devel' 'ghc-Decimal' 'ghc-Decimal-devel' 'ghc-Diff' 'ghc-Diff-devel' 'ghc-FenwickTree' 'ghc-FenwickTree-devel' 'ghc-FindBin' 'ghc-FindBin-devel' 'ghc-FontyFruity' 'ghc-FontyFruity-devel' 'ghc-GLURaw' 'ghc-GLURaw-devel' 'ghc-GLUT' 'ghc-GLUT-devel' 'ghc-GenericPretty' 'ghc-GenericPretty-devel' 'ghc-Glob' 'ghc-Glob-devel' 'ghc-GraphSCC' 'ghc-GraphSCC-devel' 'ghc-HCodecs' 'ghc-HCodecs-devel' 'ghc-HPDF' 'ghc-HPDF-devel' 'ghc-HSet' 'ghc-HSet-devel' 'ghc-HStringTemplate' 'ghc-HStringTemplate-devel' 'ghc-HTTP' 'ghc-HTTP-devel' 'ghc-HUnit' 'ghc-HUnit-devel' 'ghc-HsOpenSSL' 'ghc-HsOpenSSL-devel' 'ghc-IPv6Addr' 'ghc-IPv6Addr-devel' 'ghc-IfElse' 'ghc-IfElse-devel' 'ghc-IntervalMap' 'ghc-IntervalMap-devel' 'ghc-JuicyPixels' 'ghc-JuicyPixels-devel' 'ghc-List' 'ghc-List-devel' 'ghc-MemoTrie' 'ghc-MemoTrie-devel' 'ghc-MissingH' 'ghc-MissingH-devel' 'ghc-MonadPrompt' 'ghc-MonadPrompt-devel' 'ghc-MonadRandom' 'ghc-MonadRandom-devel' 'ghc-NineP' 'ghc-NineP-devel' 'ghc-NoTrace' 'ghc-NoTrace-devel' 'ghc-NumInstances' 'ghc-NumInstances-devel' 'ghc-ObjectName' 'ghc-ObjectName-devel' 'ghc-Octree' 'ghc-Octree-devel' 'ghc-OneTuple' 'ghc-OneTuple-devel' 'ghc-OpenGL' 'ghc-OpenGL-devel' 'ghc-OpenGLRaw' 'ghc-OpenGLRaw-devel' 'ghc-PSQueue' 'ghc-PSQueue-devel' 'ghc-QuickCheck' 'ghc-QuickCheck-devel' 'ghc-RSA' 'ghc-RSA-devel' 'ghc-Rasterific' 'ghc-Rasterific-devel' 'ghc-ReadArgs' 'ghc-ReadArgs-devel' 'ghc-RefSerialize' 'ghc-RefSerialize-devel' 'ghc-SDL' 'ghc-SDL-devel' 'ghc-SHA' 'ghc-SHA-devel' 'ghc-STMonadTrans' 'ghc-STMonadTrans-devel' 'ghc-SafeSemaphore' 'ghc-SafeSemaphore-devel' 'ghc-SegmentTree' 'ghc-SegmentTree-devel' 'ghc-ShellCheck' 'ghc-ShellCheck-devel' 'ghc-Spintax' 'ghc-Spintax-devel' 'ghc-Spock' 'ghc-Spock-core' 'ghc-Spock-core-devel' 'ghc-Spock-devel' 'ghc-Spock-worker' 'ghc-Spock-worker-devel' 'ghc-StateVar' 'ghc-StateVar-devel' 'ghc-Strafunski-StrategyLib' 'ghc-Strafunski-StrategyLib-devel' 'ghc-TCache' 'ghc-TCache-devel' 'ghc-X11' 'ghc-X11-devel' 'ghc-X11-xft' 'ghc-X11-xft-devel' 'ghc-Xauth' 'ghc-Xauth-devel' 'ghc-Yampa' 'ghc-Yampa-devel' 'ghc-abstract-deque' 'ghc-abstract-deque-devel' 'ghc-abstract-par' 'ghc-abstract-par-devel' 'ghc-accelerate' 'ghc-accelerate-devel' 'ghc-ace' 'ghc-ace-devel' 'ghc-action-permutations' 'ghc-action-permutations-devel' 'ghc-adjunctions' 'ghc-adjunctions-devel' 'ghc-aeson' 'ghc-aeson-better-errors' 'ghc-aeson-better-errors-devel' 'ghc-aeson-casing' 'ghc-aeson-casing-devel' 'ghc-aeson-compat' 'ghc-aeson-compat-devel' 'ghc-aeson-devel' 'ghc-aeson-extra' 'ghc-aeson-extra-devel' 'ghc-aeson-pretty' 'ghc-aeson-pretty-devel' 'ghc-aeson-utils' 'ghc-aeson-utils-devel' 'ghc-alarmclock' 'ghc-alarmclock-devel' 'ghc-amazonka-core' 'ghc-amazonka-core-devel' 'ghc-annotated-wl-pprint' 'ghc-annotated-wl-pprint-devel' 'ghc-anonymous-sums' 'ghc-anonymous-sums-devel' 'ghc-ansi-terminal' 'ghc-ansi-terminal-devel' 'ghc-ansi-wl-pprint' 'ghc-ansi-wl-pprint-devel' 'ghc-api-field-json-th' 'ghc-api-field-json-th-devel' 'ghc-app-settings' 'ghc-app-settings-devel' 'ghc-appar' 'ghc-appar-devel' 'ghc-array' 'ghc-array-devel' 'ghc-arrow-list' 'ghc-arrow-list-devel' 'ghc-ascii-progress' 'ghc-ascii-progress-devel' 'ghc-asn1-encoding' 'ghc-asn1-encoding-devel' 'ghc-asn1-parse' 'ghc-asn1-parse-devel' 'ghc-asn1-types' 'ghc-asn1-types-devel' 'ghc-async' 'ghc-async-devel' 'ghc-atomic-primops' 'ghc-atomic-primops-devel' 'ghc-atomic-write' 'ghc-atomic-write-devel' 'ghc-attoparsec' 'ghc-attoparsec-devel' 'ghc-attoparsec-expr' 'ghc-attoparsec-expr-devel' 'ghc-authenticate' 'ghc-authenticate-devel' 'ghc-authenticate-oauth' 'ghc-authenticate-oauth-devel' 'ghc-auto' 'ghc-auto-devel' 'ghc-auto-update' 'ghc-auto-update-devel' 'ghc-aws' 'ghc-aws-devel' 'ghc-bank-holidays-england' 'ghc-bank-holidays-england-devel' 'ghc-base' 'ghc-base-compat' 'ghc-base-compat-devel' 'ghc-base-devel' 'ghc-base-orphans' 'ghc-base-orphans-devel' 'ghc-base-prelude' 'ghc-base-prelude-devel' 'ghc-base-unicode-symbols' 'ghc-base-unicode-symbols-devel' 'ghc-base16-bytestring' 'ghc-base16-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-base64-bytestring' 'ghc-base64-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-benchpress' 'ghc-benchpress-devel' 'ghc-bencode' 'ghc-bencode-devel' 'ghc-bento' 'ghc-bento-devel' 'ghc-bifunctors' 'ghc-bifunctors-devel' 'ghc-bimap' 'ghc-bimap-devel' 'ghc-binary' 'ghc-binary-bits' 'ghc-binary-bits-devel' 'ghc-binary-conduit' 'ghc-binary-conduit-devel' 'ghc-binary-devel' 'ghc-binary-orphans' 'ghc-binary-orphans-devel' 'ghc-binary-search' 'ghc-binary-search-devel' 'ghc-binary-tagged' 'ghc-binary-tagged-devel' 'ghc-bindings-DSL' 'ghc-bindings-DSL-devel' 'ghc-biocore' 'ghc-biocore-devel' 'ghc-bitarray' 'ghc-bitarray-devel' 'ghc-bitcoin-script' 'ghc-bitcoin-script-devel' 'ghc-blaze-bootstrap' 'ghc-blaze-bootstrap-devel' 'ghc-blaze-builder' 'ghc-blaze-builder-devel' 'ghc-blaze-html' 'ghc-blaze-html-devel' 'ghc-blaze-markup' 'ghc-blaze-markup-devel' 'ghc-blaze-svg' 'ghc-blaze-svg-devel' 'ghc-blaze-textual' 'ghc-blaze-textual-devel' 'ghc-bloodhound' 'ghc-bloodhound-devel' 'ghc-bloomfilter' 'ghc-bloomfilter-devel' 'ghc-bmp' 'ghc-bmp-devel' 'ghc-boomerang' 'ghc-boomerang-devel' 'ghc-bootstrap' 'ghc-boxes' 'ghc-boxes-devel' 'ghc-broadcast-chan' 'ghc-broadcast-chan-devel' 'ghc-btrfs' 'ghc-btrfs-devel' 'ghc-byteable' 'ghc-byteable-devel' 'ghc-bytedump' 'ghc-bytedump-devel' 'ghc-byteorder' 'ghc-byteorder-devel' 'ghc-bytes' 'ghc-bytes-devel' 'ghc-byteset' 'ghc-byteset-devel' 'ghc-bytestring' 'ghc-bytestring-builder' 'ghc-bytestring-builder-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-handle' 'ghc-bytestring-handle-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-lexing' 'ghc-bytestring-lexing-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-tree-builder' 'ghc-bytestring-tree-builder-devel' 'ghc-bytestring-trie' 'ghc-bytestring-trie-devel' 'ghc-bzlib' 'ghc-bzlib-devel' 'ghc-cab' 'ghc-cab-devel' 'ghc-cabal-doctest' 'ghc-cabal-doctest-devel' 'ghc-cabal-file-th' 'ghc-cabal-file-th-devel' 'ghc-cabal-helper' 'ghc-cabal-helper-devel' 'ghc-cacophony' 'ghc-cacophony-devel' 'ghc-cairo' 'ghc-cairo-devel' 'ghc-call-stack' 'ghc-call-stack-devel' 'ghc-cartel' 'ghc-cartel-devel' 'ghc-case-insensitive' 'ghc-case-insensitive-devel' 'ghc-cased' 'ghc-cased-devel' 'ghc-cases' 'ghc-cases-devel' 'ghc-cassava' 'ghc-cassava-devel' 'ghc-cayley-client' 'ghc-cayley-client-devel' 'ghc-cereal' 'ghc-cereal-conduit' 'ghc-cereal-conduit-devel' 'ghc-cereal-devel' 'ghc-cereal-text' 'ghc-cereal-text-devel' 'ghc-cereal-vector' 'ghc-cereal-vector-devel' 'ghc-cgi' 'ghc-cgi-devel' 'ghc-charset' 'ghc-charset-devel' 'ghc-charsetdetect-ae' 'ghc-charsetdetect-ae-devel' 'ghc-check-email' 'ghc-check-email-devel' 'ghc-checkers' 'ghc-checkers-devel' 'ghc-chunked-data' 'ghc-chunked-data-devel' 'ghc-cipher-aes' 'ghc-cipher-aes-devel' 'ghc-cipher-aes128' 'ghc-cipher-aes128-devel' 'ghc-cipher-blowfish' 'ghc-cipher-blowfish-devel' 'ghc-cipher-camellia' 'ghc-cipher-camellia-devel' 'ghc-cipher-des' 'ghc-cipher-des-devel' 'ghc-cipher-rc4' 'ghc-cipher-rc4-devel' 'ghc-circle-packing' 'ghc-circle-packing-devel' 'ghc-clay' 'ghc-clay-devel' 'ghc-clientsession' 'ghc-clientsession-devel' 'ghc-clock' 'ghc-clock-devel' 'ghc-cmark' 'ghc-cmark-devel' 'ghc-cmdargs' 'ghc-cmdargs-devel' 'ghc-code-builder' 'ghc-code-builder-devel' 'ghc-code-page' 'ghc-code-page-devel' 'ghc-colour' 'ghc-colour-devel' 'ghc-commutative' 'ghc-commutative-devel' 'ghc-comonad' 'ghc-comonad-devel' 'ghc-compactmap' 'ghc-compactmap-devel' 'ghc-compiler' 'ghc-composition' 'ghc-composition-devel' 'ghc-concatenative' 'ghc-concatenative-devel' 'ghc-concurrent-extra' 'ghc-concurrent-extra-devel' 'ghc-concurrent-output' 'ghc-concurrent-output-devel' 'ghc-concurrent-supply' 'ghc-concurrent-supply-devel' 'ghc-conduit' 'ghc-conduit-combinators' 'ghc-conduit-combinators-devel' 'ghc-conduit-devel' 'ghc-conduit-extra' 'ghc-conduit-extra-devel' 'ghc-conduit-iconv' 'ghc-conduit-iconv-devel' 'ghc-configuration-tools' 'ghc-configuration-tools-devel' 'ghc-connection' 'ghc-connection-devel' 'ghc-constraints' 'ghc-constraints-devel' 'ghc-consul-haskell' 'ghc-consul-haskell-devel' 'ghc-containers' 'ghc-containers-devel' 'ghc-containers-unicode-symbols' 'ghc-containers-unicode-symbols-devel' 'ghc-continued-fractions' 'ghc-continued-fractions-devel' 'ghc-contravariant' 'ghc-contravariant-devel' 'ghc-control-bool' 'ghc-control-bool-devel' 'ghc-control-monad-free' 'ghc-control-monad-free-devel' 'ghc-control-monad-loop' 'ghc-control-monad-loop-devel' 'ghc-control-monad-omega' 'ghc-control-monad-omega-devel' 'ghc-converge' 'ghc-converge-devel' 'ghc-convertible' 'ghc-convertible-devel' 'ghc-cookie' 'ghc-cookie-devel' 'ghc-cpphs' 'ghc-cpphs-devel' 'ghc-cprng-aes' 'ghc-cprng-aes-devel' 'ghc-cpu' 'ghc-cpu-devel' 'ghc-cron' 'ghc-cron-devel' 'ghc-crypto-api' 'ghc-crypto-api-devel' 'ghc-crypto-cipher-types' 'ghc-crypto-cipher-types-devel' 'ghc-crypto-numbers' 'ghc-crypto-numbers-devel' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey-devel' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey-types' 'ghc-crypto-pubkey-types-devel' 'ghc-crypto-random' 'ghc-crypto-random-api' 'ghc-crypto-random-api-devel' 'ghc-crypto-random-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash' 'ghc-cryptohash-conduit' 'ghc-cryptohash-conduit-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-cryptoapi' 'ghc-cryptohash-cryptoapi-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-md5' 'ghc-cryptohash-md5-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha1' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha1-devel' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha256' 'ghc-cryptohash-sha256-devel' 'ghc-cryptonite' 'ghc-cryptonite-conduit' 'ghc-cryptonite-conduit-devel' 'ghc-cryptonite-devel' 'ghc-css-syntax' 'ghc-css-syntax-devel' 'ghc-css-text' 'ghc-css-text-devel' 'ghc-csv' 'ghc-csv-devel' 'ghc-curl' 'ghc-curl-devel' 'ghc-darcs' 'ghc-darcs-devel' 'ghc-data-accessor' 'ghc-data-accessor-devel' 'ghc-data-binary-ieee754' 'ghc-data-binary-ieee754-devel' 'ghc-data-default' 'ghc-data-default-class' 'ghc-data-default-class-devel' 'ghc-data-default-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-base' 'ghc-data-default-instances-base-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-containers' 'ghc-data-default-instances-containers-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-dlist' 'ghc-data-default-instances-dlist-devel' 'ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale' 'ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale-devel' 'ghc-data-hash' 'ghc-data-hash-devel' 'ghc-data-inttrie' 'ghc-data-inttrie-devel' 'ghc-data-lens-light' 'ghc-data-lens-light-devel' 'ghc-data-or' 'ghc-data-or-devel' 'ghc-data-ordlist' 'ghc-data-ordlist-devel' 'ghc-data-reify' 'ghc-data-reify-devel' 'ghc-dataurl' 'ghc-dataurl-devel' 'ghc-dbus' 'ghc-dbus-devel' 'ghc-debian-build' 'ghc-debian-build-devel' 'ghc-deepseq' 'ghc-deepseq-devel' 'ghc-deepseq-generics' 'ghc-deepseq-generics-devel' 'ghc-derive' 'ghc-derive-devel' 'ghc-descriptive' 'ghc-descriptive-devel' 'ghc-diagrams-solve' 'ghc-diagrams-solve-devel' 'ghc-diff3' 'ghc-diff3-devel' 'ghc-digest' 'ghc-digest-devel' 'ghc-digits' 'ghc-digits-devel' 'ghc-directory' 'ghc-directory-devel' 'ghc-disk-free-space' 'ghc-disk-free-space-devel' 'ghc-distributed-closure' 'ghc-distributed-closure-devel' 'ghc-distributive' 'ghc-distributive-devel' 'ghc-djinn-ghc' 'ghc-djinn-ghc-devel' 'ghc-djinn-lib' 'ghc-djinn-lib-devel' 'ghc-dlist' 'ghc-dlist-devel' 'ghc-dlist-instances' 'ghc-dlist-instances-devel' 'ghc-dns' 'ghc-dns-devel' 'ghc-dockerfile' 'ghc-dockerfile-devel' 'ghc-doctemplates' 'ghc-doctemplates-devel' 'ghc-doctest' 'ghc-doctest-devel' 'ghc-dotnet-timespan' 'ghc-dotnet-timespan-devel' 'ghc-dpor' 'ghc-dpor-devel' 'ghc-drawille' 'ghc-drawille-devel' 'ghc-drifter' 'ghc-drifter-devel' 'ghc-dynamic-state' 'ghc-dynamic-state-devel' 'ghc-easy-file' 'ghc-easy-file-devel' 'ghc-ed25519' 'ghc-ed25519-devel' 'ghc-edit-distance' 'ghc-edit-distance-devel' 'ghc-effect-handlers' 'ghc-effect-handlers-devel' 'ghc-either' 'ghc-either-devel' 'ghc-either-unwrap' 'ghc-either-unwrap-devel' 'ghc-ekg-core' 'ghc-ekg-core-devel' 'ghc-elm-bridge' 'ghc-elm-bridge-devel' 'ghc-elm-core-sources' 'ghc-elm-core-sources-devel' 'ghc-email-validate' 'ghc-email-validate-devel' 'ghc-enclosed-exceptions' 'ghc-enclosed-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-entropy' 'ghc-entropy-devel' 'ghc-envelope' 'ghc-envelope-devel' 'ghc-eq' 'ghc-eq-devel' 'ghc-equivalence' 'ghc-equivalence-devel' 'ghc-erf' 'ghc-erf-devel' 'ghc-errors' 'ghc-errors-devel' 'ghc-esqueleto' 'ghc-esqueleto-devel' 'ghc-event' 'ghc-event-devel' 'ghc-exact-combinatorics' 'ghc-exact-combinatorics-devel' 'ghc-exception-transformers' 'ghc-exception-transformers-devel' 'ghc-exceptional' 'ghc-exceptional-devel' 'ghc-exceptions' 'ghc-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-executable-path' 'ghc-executable-path-devel' 'ghc-expiring-cache-map' 'ghc-expiring-cache-map-devel' 'ghc-explicit-exception' 'ghc-explicit-exception-devel' 'ghc-extensible-exceptions' 'ghc-extensible-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-extra' 'ghc-extra-devel' 'ghc-fail' 'ghc-fail-devel' 'ghc-farmhash' 'ghc-farmhash-devel' 'ghc-fast-builder' 'ghc-fast-builder-devel' 'ghc-fast-logger' 'ghc-fast-logger-devel' 'ghc-fclabels' 'ghc-fclabels-devel' 'ghc-fdo-notify' 'ghc-fdo-notify-devel' 'ghc-feature-flags' 'ghc-feature-flags-devel' 'ghc-feed' 'ghc-feed-devel' 'ghc-fgl' 'ghc-fgl-arbitrary' 'ghc-fgl-arbitrary-devel' 'ghc-fgl-devel' 'ghc-file-embed' 'ghc-file-embed-devel' 'ghc-filelock' 'ghc-filelock-devel' 'ghc-filemanip' 'ghc-filemanip-devel' 'ghc-filepath' 'ghc-filepath-devel' 'ghc-fingertree' 'ghc-fingertree-devel' 'ghc-fingertree-psqueue' 'ghc-fingertree-psqueue-devel' 'ghc-fixed' 'ghc-fixed-devel' 'ghc-fixed-vector' 'ghc-fixed-vector-devel' 'ghc-flow' 'ghc-flow-devel' 'ghc-fmlist' 'ghc-fmlist-devel' 'ghc-fn' 'ghc-fn-devel' 'ghc-focus' 'ghc-focus-devel' 'ghc-foldl' 'ghc-foldl-devel' 'ghc-foreign-store' 'ghc-foreign-store-devel' 'ghc-free' 'ghc-free-devel' 'ghc-free-vl' 'ghc-free-vl-devel' 'ghc-frisby' 'ghc-frisby-devel' 'ghc-frontmatter' 'ghc-frontmatter-devel' 'ghc-fsnotify' 'ghc-fsnotify-devel' 'ghc-funcmp' 'ghc-funcmp-devel' 'ghc-gd' 'ghc-gd-devel' 'ghc-generic-aeson' 'ghc-generic-aeson-devel' 'ghc-generic-deriving' 'ghc-generic-deriving-devel' 'ghc-generics-sop' 'ghc-generics-sop-devel' 'ghc-geniplate-mirror' 'ghc-geniplate-mirror-devel' 'ghc-getopt-generics' 'ghc-getopt-generics-devel' 'ghc-ghc' 'ghc-ghc-boot' 'ghc-ghc-boot-devel' 'ghc-ghc-boot-th' 'ghc-ghc-boot-th-devel' 'ghc-ghc-devel' 'ghc-ghc-heap-view' 'ghc-ghc-heap-view-devel' 'ghc-ghc-mod' 'ghc-ghc-mod-devel' 'ghc-ghc-paths' 'ghc-ghc-paths-devel' 'ghc-ghc-syb-utils' 'ghc-ghc-syb-utils-devel' 'ghc-ghc-tcplugins-extra' 'ghc-ghc-tcplugins-extra-devel' 'ghc-ghci' 'ghc-ghci-devel' 'ghc-ghcid' 'ghc-ghcid-devel' 'ghc-ghcjs-codemirror' 'ghc-ghcjs-codemirror-devel' 'ghc-gio' 'ghc-gio-devel' 'ghc-gitlib' 'ghc-gitlib-devel' 'ghc-gitrev' 'ghc-gitrev-devel' 'ghc-glib' 'ghc-glib-devel' 'ghc-gnuidn' 'ghc-gnuidn-devel' 'ghc-gnutls' 'ghc-gnutls-devel' 'ghc-google-cloud' 'ghc-google-cloud-devel' 'ghc-gpolyline' 'ghc-gpolyline-devel' 'ghc-graph-core' 'ghc-graph-core-devel' 'ghc-graph-wrapper' 'ghc-graph-wrapper-devel' 'ghc-graphs' 'ghc-graphs-devel' 'ghc-graphviz' 'ghc-graphviz-devel' 'ghc-gravatar' 'ghc-gravatar-devel' 'ghc-groom' 'ghc-groom-devel' 'ghc-groups' 'ghc-groups-devel' 'ghc-gsasl' 'ghc-gsasl-devel' 'ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools' 'ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools-devel' 'ghc-gtk3' 'ghc-gtk3-devel' 'ghc-hackage-db' 'ghc-hackage-db-devel' 'ghc-hackage-security' 'ghc-hackage-security-devel' 'ghc-haddock-library' 'ghc-haddock-library-devel' 'ghc-half' 'ghc-half-devel' 'ghc-harp' 'ghc-harp-devel' 'ghc-hashable' 'ghc-hashable-devel' 'ghc-hashable-time' 'ghc-hashable-time-devel' 'ghc-hashtables' 'ghc-hashtables-devel' 'ghc-haskeline' 'ghc-haskeline-devel' 'ghc-haskell-gi-base' 'ghc-haskell-gi-base-devel' 'ghc-haskell-neo4j-client' 'ghc-haskell-neo4j-client-devel' 'ghc-haskell-src' 'ghc-haskell-src-devel' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts-devel' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts-simple' 'ghc-haskell-src-exts-simple-devel' 'ghc-hastache' 'ghc-hastache-devel' 'ghc-hbeanstalk' 'ghc-hbeanstalk-devel' 'ghc-heap' 'ghc-heap-devel' 'ghc-heaps' 'ghc-heaps-devel' 'ghc-hebrew-time' 'ghc-hebrew-time-devel' 'ghc-heredoc' 'ghc-heredoc-devel' 'ghc-hex' 'ghc-hex-devel' 'ghc-hexstring' 'ghc-hexstring-devel' 'ghc-hflags' 'ghc-hflags-devel' 'ghc-hformat' 'ghc-hformat-devel' 'ghc-hid' 'ghc-hid-devel' 'ghc-hidapi' 'ghc-hidapi-devel' 'ghc-hierarchical-clustering' 'ghc-hierarchical-clustering-devel' 'ghc-highlighting-kate' 'ghc-highlighting-kate-devel' 'ghc-hinotify' 'ghc-hinotify-devel' 'ghc-histogram-fill' 'ghc-histogram-fill-devel' 'ghc-hit' 'ghc-hit-devel' 'ghc-hjsmin' 'ghc-hjsmin-devel' 'ghc-hlibsass' 'ghc-hlibsass-devel' 'ghc-hlint' 'ghc-hlint-devel' 'ghc-hoauth2' 'ghc-hoauth2-devel' 'ghc-hoopl' 'ghc-hoopl-devel' 'ghc-hopenssl' 'ghc-hopenssl-devel' 'ghc-hostname' 'ghc-hostname-devel' 'ghc-hostname-validate' 'ghc-hostname-validate-devel' 'ghc-hourglass' 'ghc-hourglass-devel' 'ghc-hpack' 'ghc-hpack-devel' 'ghc-hpc' 'ghc-hpc-devel' 'ghc-hs-GeoIP' 'ghc-hs-GeoIP-devel' 'ghc-hscolour' 'ghc-hscolour-devel' 'ghc-hse-cpp' 'ghc-hse-cpp-devel' 'ghc-hsebaysdk' 'ghc-hsebaysdk-devel' 'ghc-hsemail' 'ghc-hsemail-devel' 'ghc-hslogger' 'ghc-hslogger-devel' 'ghc-hslua' 'ghc-hslua-devel' 'ghc-hsndfile' 'ghc-hsndfile-devel' 'ghc-hsp' 'ghc-hsp-devel' 'ghc-hspec' 'ghc-hspec-core' 'ghc-hspec-core-devel' 'ghc-hspec-devel' 'ghc-hspec-discover' 'ghc-hspec-discover-devel' 'ghc-hspec-expectations' 'ghc-hspec-expectations-devel' 'ghc-hspec-smallcheck' 'ghc-hspec-smallcheck-devel' 'ghc-hstatsd' 'ghc-hstatsd-devel' 'ghc-hsyslog' 'ghc-hsyslog-devel' 'ghc-htaglib' 'ghc-htaglib-devel' 'ghc-html' 'ghc-html-conduit' 'ghc-html-conduit-devel' 'ghc-html-devel' 'ghc-http-api-data' 'ghc-http-api-data-devel' 'ghc-http-client' 'ghc-http-client-devel' 'ghc-http-client-openssl' 'ghc-http-client-openssl-devel' 'ghc-http-client-tls' 'ghc-http-client-tls-devel' 'ghc-http-common' 'ghc-http-common-devel' 'ghc-http-conduit' 'ghc-http-conduit-devel' 'ghc-http-date' 'ghc-http-date-devel' 'ghc-http-media' 'ghc-http-media-devel' 'ghc-http-reverse-proxy' 'ghc-http-reverse-proxy-devel' 'ghc-http-types' 'ghc-http-types-devel' 'ghc-http2' 'ghc-http2-devel' 'ghc-httpd-shed' 'ghc-httpd-shed-devel' 'ghc-human-readable-duration' 'ghc-human-readable-duration-devel' 'ghc-hvect' 'ghc-hvect-devel' 'ghc-hweblib' 'ghc-hweblib-devel' 'ghc-hxt' 'ghc-hxt-charproperties' 'ghc-hxt-charproperties-devel' 'ghc-hxt-devel' 'ghc-hxt-regex-xmlschema' 'ghc-hxt-regex-xmlschema-devel' 'ghc-hxt-unicode' 'ghc-hxt-unicode-devel' 'ghc-hyphenation' 'ghc-hyphenation-devel' 'ghc-ieee754' 'ghc-ieee754-devel' 'ghc-ignore' 'ghc-ignore-devel' 'ghc-imagesize-conduit' 'ghc-imagesize-conduit-devel' 'ghc-immortal' 'ghc-immortal-devel' 'ghc-include-file' 'ghc-include-file-devel' 'ghc-indents' 'ghc-indents-devel' 'ghc-inflections' 'ghc-inflections-devel' 'ghc-ini' 'ghc-ini-devel' 'ghc-inline-c' 'ghc-inline-c-devel' 'ghc-insert-ordered-containers' 'ghc-insert-ordered-containers-devel' 'ghc-integer-logarithms' 'ghc-integer-logarithms-devel' 'ghc-integration' 'ghc-integration-devel' 'ghc-io-choice' 'ghc-io-choice-devel' 'ghc-io-machine' 'ghc-io-machine-devel' 'ghc-io-manager' 'ghc-io-manager-devel' 'ghc-io-memoize' 'ghc-io-memoize-devel' 'ghc-io-region' 'ghc-io-region-devel' 'ghc-io-storage' 'ghc-io-storage-devel' 'ghc-io-streams' 'ghc-io-streams-devel' 'ghc-iproute' 'ghc-iproute-devel' 'ghc-irc' 'ghc-irc-ctcp' 'ghc-irc-ctcp-devel' 'ghc-irc-devel' 'ghc-islink' 'ghc-islink-devel' 'ghc-iso639' 'ghc-iso639-devel' 'ghc-iso8601-time' 'ghc-iso8601-time-devel' 'ghc-iterable' 'ghc-iterable-devel' 'ghc-ix-shapable' 'ghc-ix-shapable-devel' 'ghc-js-flot' 'ghc-js-flot-devel' 'ghc-js-jquery' 'ghc-js-jquery-devel' 'ghc-json' 'ghc-json-devel' 'ghc-jwt' 'ghc-jwt-devel' 'ghc-kan-extensions' 'ghc-kan-extensions-devel' 'ghc-keys' 'ghc-keys-devel' 'ghc-kmeans' 'ghc-kmeans-devel' 'ghc-knob' 'ghc-knob-devel' 'ghc-koofr-client' 'ghc-koofr-client-devel' 'ghc-language-c' 'ghc-language-c-devel' 'ghc-language-java' 'ghc-language-java-devel' 'ghc-language-javascript' 'ghc-language-javascript-devel' 'ghc-language-nix' 'ghc-language-nix-devel' 'ghc-largeword' 'ghc-largeword-devel' 'ghc-lazy-csv' 'ghc-lazy-csv-devel' 'ghc-lca' 'ghc-lca-devel' 'ghc-lens' 'ghc-lens-action' 'ghc-lens-action-devel' 'ghc-lens-aeson' 'ghc-lens-aeson-devel' 'ghc-lens-datetime' 'ghc-lens-datetime-devel' 'ghc-lens-devel' 'ghc-lens-family-core' 'ghc-lens-family-core-devel' 'ghc-leveldb-haskell' 'ghc-leveldb-haskell-devel' 'ghc-libgit' 'ghc-libgit-devel' 'ghc-libinfluxdb' 'ghc-libinfluxdb-devel' 'ghc-libraries' 'ghc-libxml-sax' 'ghc-libxml-sax-devel' 'ghc-lift-generics' 'ghc-lift-generics-devel' 'ghc-lifted-async' 'ghc-lifted-async-devel' 'ghc-lifted-base' 'ghc-lifted-base-devel' 'ghc-linux-file-extents' 'ghc-linux-file-extents-devel' 'ghc-linux-namespaces' 'ghc-linux-namespaces-devel' 'ghc-list-fusion-probe' 'ghc-list-fusion-probe-devel' 'ghc-list-t' 'ghc-list-t-devel' 'ghc-load-env' 'ghc-load-env-devel' 'ghc-loch-th' 'ghc-loch-th-devel' 'ghc-logfloat' 'ghc-logfloat-devel' 'ghc-logging-facade' 'ghc-logging-facade-devel' 'ghc-logict' 'ghc-logict-devel' 'ghc-loop' 'ghc-loop-devel' 'ghc-lrucache' 'ghc-lrucache-devel' 'ghc-magic' 'ghc-magic-devel' 'ghc-managed' 'ghc-managed-devel' 'ghc-mandrill' 'ghc-mandrill-devel' 'ghc-markdown' 'ghc-markdown-devel' 'ghc-markdown-unlit' 'ghc-markdown-unlit-devel' 'ghc-matrices' 'ghc-matrices-devel' 'ghc-maximal-cliques' 'ghc-maximal-cliques-devel' 'ghc-mbox' 'ghc-mbox-devel' 'ghc-memory' 'ghc-memory-devel' 'ghc-mersenne-random-pure64' 'ghc-mersenne-random-pure64-devel' 'ghc-messagepack' 'ghc-messagepack-devel' 'ghc-metrics' 'ghc-metrics-devel' 'ghc-microlens' 'ghc-microlens-aeson' 'ghc-microlens-aeson-devel' 'ghc-microlens-contra' 'ghc-microlens-contra-devel' 'ghc-microlens-devel' 'ghc-microlens-mtl' 'ghc-microlens-mtl-devel' 'ghc-microlens-th' 'ghc-microlens-th-devel' 'ghc-mime-mail' 'ghc-mime-mail-devel' 'ghc-mime-mail-ses' 'ghc-mime-mail-ses-devel' 'ghc-mime-types' 'ghc-mime-types-devel' 'ghc-missing-foreign' 'ghc-missing-foreign-devel' 'ghc-mmap' 'ghc-mmap-devel' 'ghc-mmorph' 'ghc-mmorph-devel' 'ghc-mod' 'ghc-monad-control' 'ghc-monad-control-devel' 'ghc-monad-extras' 'ghc-monad-extras-devel' 'ghc-monad-journal' 'ghc-monad-journal-devel' 'ghc-monad-logger' 'ghc-monad-logger-devel' 'ghc-monad-logger-json' 'ghc-monad-logger-json-devel' 'ghc-monad-loops' 'ghc-monad-loops-devel' 'ghc-monad-parallel' 'ghc-monad-parallel-devel' 'ghc-monad-peel' 'ghc-monad-peel-devel' 'ghc-monad-primitive' 'ghc-monad-primitive-devel' 'ghc-monad-products' 'ghc-monad-products-devel' 'ghc-monad-skeleton' 'ghc-monad-skeleton-devel' 'ghc-monad-time' 'ghc-monad-time-devel' 'ghc-monad-unlift' 'ghc-monad-unlift-devel' 'ghc-monad-unlift-ref' 'ghc-monad-unlift-ref-devel' 'ghc-monadLib' 'ghc-monadLib-devel' 'ghc-monadcryptorandom' 'ghc-monadcryptorandom-devel' 'ghc-monadic-arrays' 'ghc-monadic-arrays-devel' 'ghc-monadloc' 'ghc-monadloc-devel' 'ghc-monadplus' 'ghc-monadplus-devel' 'ghc-monads-tf' 'ghc-monads-tf-devel' 'ghc-mono-traversable' 'ghc-mono-traversable-devel' 'ghc-monoidal-containers' 'ghc-monoidal-containers-devel' 'ghc-mountpoints' 'ghc-mountpoints-devel' 'ghc-mtl' 'ghc-mtl-compat' 'ghc-mtl-compat-devel' 'ghc-mtl-devel' 'ghc-mtl-prelude' 'ghc-mtl-prelude-devel' 'ghc-multiarg' 'ghc-multiarg-devel' 'ghc-multimap' 'ghc-multimap-devel' 'ghc-multipart' 'ghc-multipart-devel' 'ghc-multiset' 'ghc-multiset-comb' 'ghc-multiset-comb-devel' 'ghc-multiset-devel' 'ghc-murmur-hash' 'ghc-murmur-hash-devel' 'ghc-mutable-containers' 'ghc-mutable-containers-devel' 'ghc-mwc-probability' 'ghc-mwc-probability-devel' 'ghc-mwc-random' 'ghc-mwc-random-devel' 'ghc-nagios-check' 'ghc-nagios-check-devel' 'ghc-names-th' 'ghc-names-th-devel' 'ghc-nano-erl' 'ghc-nano-erl-devel' 'ghc-nanospec' 'ghc-nanospec-devel' 'ghc-nats' 'ghc-nats-devel' 'ghc-natural-sort' 'ghc-natural-sort-devel' 'ghc-natural-transformation' 'ghc-natural-transformation-devel' 'ghc-ndjson-conduit' 'ghc-ndjson-conduit-devel' 'ghc-neat-interpolation' 'ghc-neat-interpolation-devel' 'ghc-network' 'ghc-network-attoparsec' 'ghc-network-attoparsec-devel' 'ghc-network-conduit-tls' 'ghc-network-conduit-tls-devel' 'ghc-network-devel' 'ghc-network-info' 'ghc-network-info-devel' 'ghc-network-multicast' 'ghc-network-multicast-devel' 'ghc-network-protocol-xmpp' 'ghc-network-protocol-xmpp-devel' 'ghc-network-simple' 'ghc-network-simple-devel' 'ghc-network-transport' 'ghc-network-transport-devel' 'ghc-network-uri' 'ghc-network-uri-devel' 'ghc-newtype' 'ghc-newtype-devel' 'ghc-nicify-lib' 'ghc-nicify-lib-devel' 'ghc-nix-paths' 'ghc-nix-paths-devel' 'ghc-nonce' 'ghc-nonce-devel' 'ghc-nsis' 'ghc-nsis-devel' 'ghc-numbers' 'ghc-numbers-devel' 'ghc-numeric-extras' 'ghc-numeric-extras-devel' 'ghc-numtype-dk' 'ghc-numtype-dk-devel' 'ghc-old-locale' 'ghc-old-locale-devel' 'ghc-old-time' 'ghc-old-time-devel' 'ghc-oo-prototypes' 'ghc-oo-prototypes-devel' 'ghc-open-browser' 'ghc-open-browser-devel' 'ghc-opensource' 'ghc-opensource-devel' 'ghc-optional-args' 'ghc-optional-args-devel' 'ghc-options' 'ghc-options-devel' 'ghc-optparse-applicative' 'ghc-optparse-applicative-devel' 'ghc-optparse-generic' 'ghc-optparse-generic-devel' 'ghc-optparse-helper' 'ghc-optparse-helper-devel' 'ghc-optparse-simple' 'ghc-optparse-simple-devel' 'ghc-package-description-remote' 'ghc-package-description-remote-devel' 'ghc-palette' 'ghc-palette-devel' 'ghc-pandoc' 'ghc-pandoc-devel' 'ghc-pandoc-types' 'ghc-pandoc-types-devel' 'ghc-pango' 'ghc-pango-devel' 'ghc-parallel' 'ghc-parallel-devel' 'ghc-parallel-io' 'ghc-parallel-io-devel' 'ghc-parseargs' 'ghc-parseargs-devel' 'ghc-parsec' 'ghc-parsec-devel' 'ghc-parsers' 'ghc-parsers-devel' 'ghc-partial-handler' 'ghc-partial-handler-devel' 'ghc-path' 'ghc-path-devel' 'ghc-path-extra' 'ghc-path-extra-devel' 'ghc-path-io' 'ghc-path-io-devel' 'ghc-path-pieces' 'ghc-path-pieces-devel' 'ghc-pathwalk' 'ghc-pathwalk-devel' 'ghc-patience' 'ghc-patience-devel' 'ghc-pattern-arrows' 'ghc-pattern-arrows-devel' 'ghc-pcap' 'ghc-pcap-devel' 'ghc-pcre-heavy' 'ghc-pcre-heavy-devel' 'ghc-pcre-light' 'ghc-pcre-light-devel' 'ghc-pcre-utils' 'ghc-pcre-utils-devel' 'ghc-pem' 'ghc-pem-devel' 'ghc-permutation' 'ghc-permutation-devel' 'ghc-persistent' 'ghc-persistent-devel' 'ghc-persistent-sqlite' 'ghc-persistent-sqlite-devel' 'ghc-persistent-template' 'ghc-persistent-template-devel' 'ghc-pgp-wordlist' 'ghc-pgp-wordlist-devel' 'ghc-phantom-state' 'ghc-phantom-state-devel' 'ghc-pid1' 'ghc-pid1-devel' 'ghc-pinch' 'ghc-pinch-devel' 'ghc-pipes' 'ghc-pipes-concurrency' 'ghc-pipes-concurrency-devel' 'ghc-pipes-devel' 'ghc-pipes-extras' 'ghc-pipes-extras-devel' 'ghc-pipes-http' 'ghc-pipes-http-devel' 'ghc-pipes-parse' 'ghc-pipes-parse-devel' 'ghc-pipes-safe' 'ghc-pipes-safe-devel' 'ghc-pipes-wai' 'ghc-pipes-wai-devel' 'ghc-placeholders' 'ghc-placeholders-devel' 'ghc-plan-b' 'ghc-plan-b-devel' 'ghc-pointed' 'ghc-pointed-devel' 'ghc-pointedlist' 'ghc-pointedlist-devel' 'ghc-pointfree' 'ghc-pointfree-devel' 'ghc-pointful' 'ghc-pointful-devel' 'ghc-pointless-fun' 'ghc-pointless-fun-devel' 'ghc-polyparse' 'ghc-polyparse-devel' 'ghc-posix-realtime' 'ghc-posix-realtime-devel' 'ghc-post-mess-age' 'ghc-post-mess-age-devel' 'ghc-postgresql-libpq' 'ghc-postgresql-libpq-devel' 'ghc-pred-set' 'ghc-pred-set-devel' 'ghc-prefix-units' 'ghc-prefix-units-devel' 'ghc-prelude-extras' 'ghc-prelude-extras-devel' 'ghc-prelude-safeenum' 'ghc-prelude-safeenum-devel' 'ghc-preprocessor-tools' 'ghc-preprocessor-tools-devel' 'ghc-presburger' 'ghc-presburger-devel' 'ghc-pretty' 'ghc-pretty-class' 'ghc-pretty-class-devel' 'ghc-pretty-devel' 'ghc-pretty-hex' 'ghc-pretty-hex-devel' 'ghc-prettyclass' 'ghc-prettyclass-devel' 'ghc-primes' 'ghc-primes-devel' 'ghc-primitive' 'ghc-primitive-devel' 'ghc-process' 'ghc-process-devel' 'ghc-product-profunctors' 'ghc-product-profunctors-devel' 'ghc-profunctors' 'ghc-profunctors-devel' 'ghc-project-template' 'ghc-project-template-devel' 'ghc-projectroot' 'ghc-projectroot-devel' 'ghc-prompt' 'ghc-prompt-devel' 'ghc-protolude' 'ghc-protolude-devel' 'ghc-proxied' 'ghc-proxied-devel' 'ghc-psqueues' 'ghc-psqueues-devel' 'ghc-pure-cdb' 'ghc-pure-cdb-devel' 'ghc-pure-io' 'ghc-pure-io-devel' 'ghc-pureMD5' 'ghc-pureMD5-devel' 'ghc-pwstore-fast' 'ghc-pwstore-fast-devel' 'ghc-pwstore-purehaskell' 'ghc-pwstore-purehaskell-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-instances' 'ghc-quickcheck-instances-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-io' 'ghc-quickcheck-io-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-simple' 'ghc-quickcheck-simple-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-text' 'ghc-quickcheck-text-devel' 'ghc-quickcheck-unicode' 'ghc-quickcheck-unicode-devel' 'ghc-random' 'ghc-random-devel' 'ghc-random-shuffle' 'ghc-random-shuffle-devel' 'ghc-range' 'ghc-range-devel' 'ghc-range-set-list' 'ghc-range-set-list-devel' 'ghc-rank1dynamic' 'ghc-rank1dynamic-devel' 'ghc-raw-strings-qq' 'ghc-raw-strings-qq-devel' 'ghc-read-editor' 'ghc-read-editor-devel' 'ghc-read-env-var' 'ghc-read-env-var-devel' 'ghc-readable' 'ghc-readable-devel' 'ghc-readline' 'ghc-readline-devel' 'ghc-recursion-schemes' 'ghc-recursion-schemes-devel' 'ghc-reducers' 'ghc-reducers-devel' 'ghc-ref-fd' 'ghc-ref-fd-devel' 'ghc-refact' 'ghc-refact-devel' 'ghc-reflection' 'ghc-reflection-devel' 'ghc-regex-applicative' 'ghc-regex-applicative-devel' 'ghc-regex-applicative-text' 'ghc-regex-applicative-text-devel' 'ghc-regex-base' 'ghc-regex-base-devel' 'ghc-regex-compat' 'ghc-regex-compat-devel' 'ghc-regex-compat-tdfa' 'ghc-regex-compat-tdfa-devel' 'ghc-regex-pcre' 'ghc-regex-pcre-builtin' 'ghc-regex-pcre-builtin-devel' 'ghc-regex-pcre-devel' 'ghc-regex-posix' 'ghc-regex-posix-devel' 'ghc-regex-tdfa' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-devel' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-rc' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-rc-devel' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-text' 'ghc-regex-tdfa-text-devel' 'ghc-reinterpret-cast' 'ghc-reinterpret-cast-devel' 'ghc-repa' 'ghc-repa-devel' 'ghc-reroute' 'ghc-reroute-devel' 'ghc-resource-pool' 'ghc-resource-pool-devel' 'ghc-resourcet' 'ghc-resourcet-devel' 'ghc-rethinkdb' 'ghc-rethinkdb-devel' 'ghc-retry' 'ghc-retry-devel' 'ghc-rev-state' 'ghc-rev-state-devel' 'ghc-rfc5051' 'ghc-rfc5051-devel' 'ghc-rng-utils' 'ghc-rng-utils-devel' 'ghc-rpm-macros' 'ghc-rpm-macros-extra' 'ghc-runmemo' 'ghc-runmemo-devel' 'ghc-safe' 'ghc-safe-devel' 'ghc-safe-exceptions' 'ghc-safe-exceptions-devel' 'ghc-safecopy' 'ghc-safecopy-devel' 'ghc-sampling' 'ghc-sampling-devel' 'ghc-sandi' 'ghc-sandi-devel' 'ghc-say' 'ghc-say-devel' 'ghc-scanner' 'ghc-scanner-devel' 'ghc-scientific' 'ghc-scientific-devel' 'ghc-scotty' 'ghc-scotty-devel' 'ghc-scrypt' 'ghc-scrypt-devel' 'ghc-securemem' 'ghc-securemem-devel' 'ghc-semigroupoids' 'ghc-semigroupoids-devel' 'ghc-semigroups' 'ghc-semigroups-devel' 'ghc-semiring-simple' 'ghc-semiring-simple-devel' 'ghc-serversession' 'ghc-serversession-devel' 'ghc-set-monad' 'ghc-set-monad-devel' 'ghc-setenv' 'ghc-setenv-devel' 'ghc-setlocale' 'ghc-setlocale-devel' 'ghc-shake' 'ghc-shake-devel' 'ghc-shakespeare' 'ghc-shakespeare-devel' 'ghc-shelly' 'ghc-shelly-devel' 'ghc-shortcut-links' 'ghc-shortcut-links-devel' 'ghc-should-not-typecheck' 'ghc-should-not-typecheck-devel' 'ghc-signal' 'ghc-signal-devel' 'ghc-silently' 'ghc-silently-devel' 'ghc-simple-log' 'ghc-simple-log-devel' 'ghc-simple-reflect' 'ghc-simple-reflect-devel' 'ghc-simple-sendfile' 'ghc-simple-sendfile-devel' 'ghc-simple-smt' 'ghc-simple-smt-devel' 'ghc-skein' 'ghc-skein-devel' 'ghc-skylighting' 'ghc-skylighting-devel' 'ghc-slug' 'ghc-slug-devel' 'ghc-smallcheck' 'ghc-smallcheck-devel' 'ghc-smtp-mail' 'ghc-smtp-mail-devel' 'ghc-snowflake' 'ghc-snowflake-devel' 'ghc-socket' 'ghc-socket-devel' 'ghc-socks' 'ghc-socks-devel' 'ghc-sorted-list' 'ghc-sorted-list-devel' 'ghc-sourcemap' 'ghc-sourcemap-devel' 'ghc-spdx' 'ghc-spdx-devel' 'ghc-split' 'ghc-split-devel' 'ghc-spool' 'ghc-spool-devel' 'ghc-spoon' 'ghc-spoon-devel' 'ghc-sql-words' 'ghc-sql-words-devel' 'ghc-srcloc' 'ghc-srcloc-devel' 'ghc-stack' 'ghc-stack-devel' 'ghc-state-plus' 'ghc-state-plus-devel' 'ghc-stateWriter' 'ghc-stateWriter-devel' 'ghc-stateref' 'ghc-stateref-devel' 'ghc-statestack' 'ghc-statestack-devel' 'ghc-stm' 'ghc-stm-chans' 'ghc-stm-chans-devel' 'ghc-stm-containers' 'ghc-stm-containers-devel' 'ghc-stm-delay' 'ghc-stm-delay-devel' 'ghc-stm-devel' 'ghc-stm-stats' 'ghc-stm-stats-devel' 'ghc-stopwatch' 'ghc-stopwatch-devel' 'ghc-storable-complex' 'ghc-storable-complex-devel' 'ghc-store' 'ghc-store-core' 'ghc-store-core-devel' 'ghc-store-devel' 'ghc-streaming' 'ghc-streaming-commons' 'ghc-streaming-commons-devel' 'ghc-streaming-devel' 'ghc-streamproc' 'ghc-streamproc-devel' 'ghc-strict' 'ghc-strict-devel' 'ghc-string-class' 'ghc-string-class-devel' 'ghc-string-combinators' 'ghc-string-combinators-devel' 'ghc-string-conv' 'ghc-string-conv-devel' 'ghc-string-conversions' 'ghc-string-conversions-devel' 'ghc-string-qq' 'ghc-string-qq-devel' 'ghc-stringable' 'ghc-stringable-devel' 'ghc-stringbuilder' 'ghc-stringbuilder-devel' 'ghc-stringsearch' 'ghc-stringsearch-devel' 'ghc-success' 'ghc-success-devel' 'ghc-sundown' 'ghc-sundown-devel' 'ghc-superbuffer' 'ghc-superbuffer-devel' 'ghc-svg-builder' 'ghc-svg-builder-devel' 'ghc-syb' 'ghc-syb-devel' 'ghc-syb-with-class' 'ghc-syb-with-class-devel' 'ghc-symbol' 'ghc-symbol-devel' 'ghc-system-argv0' 'ghc-system-argv0-devel' 'ghc-system-fileio' 'ghc-system-fileio-devel' 'ghc-system-filepath' 'ghc-system-filepath-devel' 'ghc-system-posix-redirect' 'ghc-system-posix-redirect-devel' 'ghc-syz' 'ghc-syz-devel' 'ghc-tagged' 'ghc-tagged-binary' 'ghc-tagged-binary-devel' 'ghc-tagged-devel' 'ghc-tagshare' 'ghc-tagshare-devel' 'ghc-tagsoup' 'ghc-tagsoup-devel' 'ghc-tagstream-conduit' 'ghc-tagstream-conduit-devel' 'ghc-tar' 'ghc-tar-devel' 'ghc-tardis' 'ghc-tardis-devel' 'ghc-tasty' 'ghc-tasty-devel' 'ghc-tasty-expected-failure' 'ghc-tasty-expected-failure-devel' 'ghc-tasty-golden' 'ghc-tasty-golden-devel' 'ghc-tasty-hunit' 'ghc-tasty-hunit-devel' 'ghc-tasty-kat' 'ghc-tasty-kat-devel' 'ghc-tasty-quickcheck' 'ghc-tasty-quickcheck-devel' 'ghc-tasty-rerun' 'ghc-tasty-rerun-devel' 'ghc-tasty-th' 'ghc-tasty-th-devel' 'ghc-template' 'ghc-template-devel' 'ghc-template-haskell' 'ghc-template-haskell-devel' 'ghc-temporary' 'ghc-temporary-devel' 'ghc-temporary-rc' 'ghc-temporary-rc-devel' 'ghc-terminal-progress-bar' 'ghc-terminal-progress-bar-devel' 'ghc-terminal-size' 'ghc-terminal-size-devel' 'ghc-terminfo' 'ghc-terminfo-devel' 'ghc-test-framework' 'ghc-test-framework-devel' 'ghc-texmath' 'ghc-texmath-devel' 'ghc-text' 'ghc-text-binary' 'ghc-text-binary-devel' 'ghc-text-devel' 'ghc-text-icu' 'ghc-text-icu-devel' 'ghc-text-manipulate' 'ghc-text-manipulate-devel' 'ghc-text-metrics' 'ghc-text-metrics-devel' 'ghc-text-postgresql' 'ghc-text-postgresql-devel' 'ghc-tf-random' 'ghc-tf-random-devel' 'ghc-th-data-compat' 'ghc-th-data-compat-devel' 'ghc-th-expand-syns' 'ghc-th-expand-syns-devel' 'ghc-th-extras' 'ghc-th-extras-devel' 'ghc-th-lift' 'ghc-th-lift-devel' 'ghc-th-lift-instances' 'ghc-th-lift-instances-devel' 'ghc-th-orphans' 'ghc-th-orphans-devel' 'ghc-th-reify-compat' 'ghc-th-reify-compat-devel' 'ghc-th-reify-many' 'ghc-th-reify-many-devel' 'ghc-th-utilities' 'ghc-th-utilities-devel' 'ghc-threads' 'ghc-threads-devel' 'ghc-through-text' 'ghc-through-text-devel' 'ghc-time' 'ghc-time-devel' 'ghc-time-locale-compat' 'ghc-time-locale-compat-devel' 'ghc-time-parsers' 'ghc-time-parsers-devel' 'ghc-timemap' 'ghc-timemap-devel' 'ghc-timezone-series' 'ghc-timezone-series-devel' 'ghc-tinytemplate' 'ghc-tinytemplate-devel' 'ghc-tls' 'ghc-tls-devel' 'ghc-token-bucket' 'ghc-token-bucket-devel' 'ghc-torrent' 'ghc-torrent-devel' 'ghc-tostring' 'ghc-tostring-devel' 'ghc-transformers' 'ghc-transformers-base' 'ghc-transformers-base-devel' 'ghc-transformers-compat' 'ghc-transformers-compat-devel' 'ghc-transformers-devel' 'ghc-transformers-lift' 'ghc-transformers-lift-devel' 'ghc-traverse-with-class' 'ghc-traverse-with-class-devel' 'ghc-tree-view' 'ghc-tree-view-devel' 'ghc-true-name' 'ghc-true-name-devel' 'ghc-tuple' 'ghc-tuple-devel' 'ghc-tuple-th' 'ghc-tuple-th-devel' 'ghc-tuples-homogenous-h98' 'ghc-tuples-homogenous-h98-devel' 'ghc-turtle' 'ghc-turtle-devel' 'ghc-turtle-options' 'ghc-turtle-options-devel' 'ghc-twitter-feed' 'ghc-twitter-feed-devel' 'ghc-type-aligned' 'ghc-type-aligned-devel' 'ghc-type-eq' 'ghc-type-eq-devel' 'ghc-type-level-numbers' 'ghc-type-level-numbers-devel' 'ghc-typed-process' 'ghc-typed-process-devel' 'ghc-typelits-witnesses' 'ghc-typelits-witnesses-devel' 'ghc-uglymemo' 'ghc-uglymemo-devel' 'ghc-unbound-generics' 'ghc-unbound-generics-devel' 'ghc-unbounded-delays' 'ghc-unbounded-delays-devel' 'ghc-unexceptionalio' 'ghc-unexceptionalio-devel' 'ghc-unicode-transforms' 'ghc-unicode-transforms-devel' 'ghc-union-find' 'ghc-union-find-devel' 'ghc-uniplate' 'ghc-uniplate-devel' 'ghc-universe-base' 'ghc-universe-base-devel' 'ghc-unix' 'ghc-unix-bytestring' 'ghc-unix-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-unix-compat' 'ghc-unix-compat-devel' 'ghc-unix-devel' 'ghc-unix-time' 'ghc-unix-time-devel' 'ghc-unordered-containers' 'ghc-unordered-containers-devel' 'ghc-uri-bytestring' 'ghc-uri-bytestring-devel' 'ghc-utf8-light' 'ghc-utf8-light-devel' 'ghc-utf8-string' 'ghc-utf8-string-devel' 'ghc-utility-ht' 'ghc-utility-ht-devel' 'ghc-uu-interleaved' 'ghc-uu-interleaved-devel' 'ghc-uuid' 'ghc-uuid-devel' 'ghc-uuid-types' 'ghc-uuid-types-devel' 'ghc-validate-input' 'ghc-validate-input-devel' 'ghc-validation' 'ghc-validation-devel' 'ghc-validity' 'ghc-validity-devel' 'ghc-vault' 'ghc-vault-devel' 'ghc-vector' 'ghc-vector-algorithms' 'ghc-vector-algorithms-devel' 'ghc-vector-binary-instances' 'ghc-vector-binary-instances-devel' 'ghc-vector-buffer' 'ghc-vector-buffer-devel' 'ghc-vector-devel' 'ghc-vector-instances' 'ghc-vector-instances-devel' 'ghc-vector-space' 'ghc-vector-space-devel' 'ghc-vector-th-unbox' 'ghc-vector-th-unbox-devel' 'ghc-vinyl' 'ghc-vinyl-devel' 'ghc-void' 'ghc-void-devel' 'ghc-wai' 'ghc-wai-app-static' 'ghc-wai-app-static-devel' 'ghc-wai-conduit' 'ghc-wai-conduit-devel' 'ghc-wai-devel' 'ghc-wai-eventsource' 'ghc-wai-eventsource-devel' 'ghc-wai-extra' 'ghc-wai-extra-devel' 'ghc-wai-logger' 'ghc-wai-logger-devel' 'ghc-wai-middleware-caching' 'ghc-wai-middleware-caching-devel' 'ghc-waitra' 'ghc-waitra-devel' 'ghc-warp' 'ghc-warp-devel' 'ghc-warp-tls' 'ghc-warp-tls-devel' 'ghc-web-plugins' 'ghc-web-plugins-devel' 'ghc-web-routes' 'ghc-web-routes-devel' 'ghc-websockets' 'ghc-websockets-devel' 'ghc-weigh' 'ghc-weigh-devel' 'ghc-with-location' 'ghc-with-location-devel' 'ghc-witherable' 'ghc-witherable-devel' 'ghc-wl-pprint' 'ghc-wl-pprint-devel' 'ghc-wl-pprint-extras' 'ghc-wl-pprint-extras-devel' 'ghc-wl-pprint-text' 'ghc-wl-pprint-text-devel' 'ghc-word-trie' 'ghc-word-trie-devel' 'ghc-word8' 'ghc-word8-devel' 'ghc-wrap' 'ghc-wrap-devel' 'ghc-wreq' 'ghc-wreq-devel' 'ghc-x509' 'ghc-x509-devel' 'ghc-x509-store' 'ghc-x509-store-devel' 'ghc-x509-system' 'ghc-x509-system-devel' 'ghc-x509-validation' 'ghc-x509-validation-devel' 'ghc-xdg-basedir' 'ghc-xdg-basedir-devel' 'ghc-xenstore' 'ghc-xenstore-devel' 'ghc-xhtml' 'ghc-xhtml-devel' 'ghc-xlsior' 'ghc-xlsior-devel' 'ghc-xml' 'ghc-xml-conduit' 'ghc-xml-conduit-devel' 'ghc-xml-conduit-writer' 'ghc-xml-conduit-writer-devel' 'ghc-xml-devel' 'ghc-xml-hamlet' 'ghc-xml-hamlet-devel' 'ghc-xml-lens' 'ghc-xml-lens-devel' 'ghc-xml-to-json-fast' 'ghc-xml-to-json-fast-devel' 'ghc-xml-types' 'ghc-xml-types-devel' 'ghc-xmlgen' 'ghc-xmlgen-devel' 'ghc-xmlhtml' 'ghc-xmlhtml-devel' 'ghc-xmonad' 'ghc-xmonad-contrib' 'ghc-xmonad-contrib-devel' 'ghc-xmonad-devel' 'ghc-xss-sanitize' 'ghc-xss-sanitize-devel' 'ghc-yaml' 'ghc-yaml-devel' 'ghc-yesod' 'ghc-yesod-auth' 'ghc-yesod-auth-basic' 'ghc-yesod-auth-basic-devel' 'ghc-yesod-auth-devel' 'ghc-yesod-core' 'ghc-yesod-core-devel' 'ghc-yesod-default' 'ghc-yesod-default-devel' 'ghc-yesod-devel' 'ghc-yesod-form' 'ghc-yesod-form-devel' 'ghc-yesod-form-richtext' 'ghc-yesod-form-richtext-devel' 'ghc-yesod-gitrepo' 'ghc-yesod-gitrepo-devel' 'ghc-yesod-gitrev' 'ghc-yesod-gitrev-devel' 'ghc-yesod-newsfeed' 'ghc-yesod-newsfeed-devel' 'ghc-yesod-persistent' 'ghc-yesod-persistent-devel' 'ghc-yesod-sitemap' 'ghc-yesod-sitemap-devel' 'ghc-yesod-static' 'ghc-yesod-static-devel' 'ghc-yesod-table' 'ghc-yesod-table-devel' 'ghc-yjtools' 'ghc-yjtools-devel' 'ghc-zero' 'ghc-zero-devel' 'ghc-zip-archive' 'ghc-zip-archive-devel' 'ghc-zippers' 'ghc-zippers-devel' 'ghc-zlib' 'ghc-zlib-bindings' 'ghc-zlib-bindings-devel' 'ghc-zlib-devel' 'ghc-zlib-lens' 'ghc-zlib-lens-devel' 'ghcid' 'ghex' 'ghex-devel' 'ghex-lang' 'ghostscript' 'ghostscript-cjk' 'ghostscript-devel' 'ghostscript-fonts' 'ghostscript-fonts-grops' 'ghostscript-mini' 'ghostscript-mini' 'ghostscript-mini-devel' 'ghostview' 'ghostwriter' 'giada' 'giada' 'giada-debuginfo' 'giada-debugsource' 'giblib-devel' 'giflib-devel' 'giflib-devel-32bit' 'giflib-progs' 'gifsicle' 'gifsicle' 'gigaset-frontend' 'gigaset-frontend-qt' 'gigedit' 'gigedit' 'gigedit-debuginfo' 'gigedit-debugsource' 'giggle' 'giggle-devel' 'giggle-lang' 'gigolo' 'gigolo-lang' 'gimmix' 'gimmix' 'gimmix-debuginfo' 'gimmix-debugsource' 'gimp' 'gimp' 'gimp-devel' 'gimp-gap' 'gimp-gap-lang' 'gimp-help-browser' 'gimp-help-ca' 'gimp-help-da' 'gimp-help-de' 'gimp-help-el' 'gimp-help-en_GB' 'gimp-help-es' 'gimp-help-fi' 'gimp-help-fr' 'gimp-help-hr' 'gimp-help-it' 'gimp-help-ja' 'gimp-help-ko' 'gimp-help-lt' 'gimp-help-nl' 'gimp-help-nn' 'gimp-help-pl' 'gimp-help-pt_BR' 'gimp-help-ru' 'gimp-help-sl' 'gimp-help-sv' 'gimp-help-zh' 'gimp-plugin-dds' 'gimp-plugin-dds-doc' 'gimp-plugin-lqr' 'gimp-plugin-lqr-lang' 'gimp-save-for-web' 'gimp-save-for-web-lang' 'gimp-ufraw' 'ginac' 'gio-branding-upstream' 'gio-sharp' 'gio-sharp-devel' 'gio-sharp3' 'gio-sharp3-devel' 'girara-devel' 'girl' 'girl-lang' 'git' 'git-annex' 'git-annex' 'git-annex-bash-completion' 'git-arch' 'git-bz' 'git-cola' 'git-credential-gnome-keyring' 'git-daemon' 'git-doc' 'git-merge-changelog' 'git-review' 'git-test' 'gitg' 'gitg' 'gitg-lang' 'gitolite' 'gitslave' 'gitslave-doc' 'givaro-devel' 'givaro-doc' 'gjiten' 'gjs' 'gkeyfile-sharp' 'gkeyfile-sharp-devel' 'gkrellm' 'gkrellm-cpufreq' 'gkrellm-cpufreq' 'gkrellm-cpupower' 'gkrellm-cpupower' 'gkrellm-devel' 'gkrellm-lang' 'gl2ps-devel' 'glabels' 'glabels-devel' 'glabels-lang' 'glade' 'glade-catalog-anjuta' 'glade-catalog-evolution' 'glade-catalog-gitg' 'glade-catalog-gtkhtml' 'glade-catalog-gtksourceview' 'glade-catalog-libpeas' 'glade-catalog-vte' 'glade-lang' 'glade-sharp2' 'glade3' 'glade3-catalog-gtksourceview' 'glade3-catalog-libxfce4ui' 'glade3-catalog-vte' 'glade3-lang' 'glaurung121' 'glaurung121' 'glaurung121-debuginfo' 'glaurung121-debugsource' 'glaurung22' 'glaurung22' 'glaurung22-debuginfo' 'glaurung22-debugsource' 'gle-graphics' 'gle-graphics-doc' 'glew-devel' 'glfw2-devel' 'glib-networking-32bit' 'glib-sharp3' 'glib2-devel-32bit' 'glib2-devel-static' 'glib2-tools-32bit' 'glibc' 'glibc-devel-32bit' 'glibc-devel-static' 'glibc-devel-static-32bit' 'glibc-html' 'glibc-profile' 'glibc-profile-32bit' 'glibc-testsuite' 'glibc-utils' 'glibc-utils' 'glibc-utils-32bit' 'glibmm2-devel' 'glipper' 'glipper-lang' 'glm-devel' 'glm-doc' 'glmark2' 'global' 'global' 'glog-devel' 'gloox' 'gloox-debugsource' 'gloox-devel' 'glpk' 'glpk-devel' 'glpk-doc' 'glproto-devel' 'glslang-devel' 'gltt' 'gltt-devel' 'glu-devel' 'glu-devel-32bit' 'glucat-devel' 'glucat-doc' 'gluegen2' 'gluegen2-devel' 'glusterfs' 'glusterfs-devel' 'glxosd' 'glxosd-32bit' 'glxosd-nvidia-plugin' 'glxosd-sensors-plugin' 'glyr-devel' 'glyrc' 'gmerlin' 'gmerlin' 'gmerlin-alsamixer' 'gmerlin-alsamixer-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-avdecoder' 'gmerlin-avdecoder' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-debugsource' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-lang' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-plugins' 'gmerlin-avdecoder-plugins-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-doc' 'gmerlin-effectv' 'gmerlin-effectv' 'gmerlin-effectv-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-effectv-debugsource' 'gmerlin-encoders' 'gmerlin-encoders' 'gmerlin-encoders-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-encoders-debugsource' 'gmerlin-encoders-lang' 'gmerlin-gavf-tools' 'gmerlin-gavf-tools-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-jack' 'gmerlin-jack-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-kbd' 'gmerlin-kbd-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-lang' 'gmerlin-player' 'gmerlin-player-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-plugincfg' 'gmerlin-plugincfg-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-recorder' 'gmerlin-recorder-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-transcoder' 'gmerlin-transcoder-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-utils' 'gmerlin-utils-debuginfo' 'gmerlin-visualizer' 'gmerlin-visualizer-debuginfo' 'gmime-devel' 'gmixer' 'gmp-devel-32bit' 'gmp-ecm' 'gmp-ecm-devel' 'gmp3info' 'gmp3info-debuginfo' 'gmpc' 'gmpc' 'gmpc-alarm' 'gmpc-alarm' 'gmpc-alarm-debuginfo' 'gmpc-alarm-debugsource' 'gmpc-albumview' 'gmpc-albumview-debuginfo' 'gmpc-avahi' 'gmpc-avahi' 'gmpc-avahi-debuginfo' 'gmpc-avahi-debugsource' 'gmpc-awn' 'gmpc-awn' 'gmpc-awn-debuginfo' 'gmpc-awn-debugsource' 'gmpc-debuginfo' 'gmpc-debugsource' 'gmpc-devel' 'gmpc-discogs' 'gmpc-discogs' 'gmpc-discogs-debuginfo' 'gmpc-discogs-debugsource' 'gmpc-doc' 'gmpc-extraplaylist' 'gmpc-extraplaylist' 'gmpc-extraplaylist-debuginfo' 'gmpc-extraplaylist-debugsource' 'gmpc-jamendo' 'gmpc-jamendo-debuginfo' 'gmpc-last-fm' 'gmpc-last-fm' 'gmpc-last-fm-debuginfo' 'gmpc-last-fm-debugsource' 'gmpc-libnotify' 'gmpc-libnotify' 'gmpc-libnotify-debuginfo' 'gmpc-libnotify-debugsource' 'gmpc-lirc' 'gmpc-lirc' 'gmpc-lirc-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lirc-debugsource' 'gmpc-lyrics' 'gmpc-lyrics' 'gmpc-lyrics-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lyrics-debugsource' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lyricsplugin-debugsource' 'gmpc-lyricwiki' 'gmpc-lyricwiki' 'gmpc-lyricwiki-debuginfo' 'gmpc-lyricwiki-debugsource' 'gmpc-magnatune' 'gmpc-magnatune-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mdcover' 'gmpc-mdcover' 'gmpc-mdcover-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mdcover-debugsource' 'gmpc-mmkeys' 'gmpc-mmkeys' 'gmpc-mmkeys-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mmkeys-debugsource' 'gmpc-mserver' 'gmpc-mserver' 'gmpc-mserver-debuginfo' 'gmpc-mserver-debugsource' 'gmpc-notify-osd' 'gmpc-notify-osd' 'gmpc-notify-osd-debuginfo' 'gmpc-notify-osd-debugsource' 'gmpc-playlistsort' 'gmpc-playlistsort' 'gmpc-playlistsort-debuginfo' 'gmpc-playlistsort-debugsource' 'gmpc-plugins' 'gmpc-plugins-debugsource' 'gmpc-shout' 'gmpc-shout' 'gmpc-shout-debuginfo' 'gmpc-shout-debugsource' 'gmpc-tagedit' 'gmpc-tagedit-debuginfo' 'gmpc-wikipedia' 'gmpc-wikipedia' 'gmpc-wikipedia-debuginfo' 'gmpc-wikipedia-debugsource' 'gmplayer' 'gmusicbrowser' 'gmusicbrowser' 'gmusicbrowser-lang' 'gnac' 'gnac-lang' 'gnaural' 'gnaural' 'gnaural-debuginfo' 'gnaural-debugsource' 'gnet' 'gnet-devel' 'gnet-doc' 'gnokii' 'gnokii-devel' 'gnokii-lang' 'gnokii-smsd' 'gnome' 'gnome-2048' 'gnome-2048-lang' 'gnome-activity-journal' 'gnome-activity-journal-lang' 'gnome-autoar' 'gnome-autoar-devel' 'gnome-backgrounds' 'gnome-backgrounds-lang' 'gnome-bluetooth' 'gnome-bluetooth-devel' 'gnome-bluetooth-lang' 'gnome-bluetooth-plugin-phone-manager' 'gnome-books' 'gnome-boxes' 'gnome-boxes-lang' 'gnome-break-timer' 'gnome-break-timer-lang' 'gnome-btdownload' 'gnome-btdownload' 'gnome-builder' 'gnome-builder-lang' 'gnome-builder-plugin-clang' 'gnome-builder-plugin-ctags' 'gnome-builder-plugin-devhelp' 'gnome-builder-plugin-fpaste' 'gnome-builder-plugin-gettext' 'gnome-builder-plugin-gnome-code-assistance' 'gnome-builder-plugin-html-completion' 'gnome-builder-plugin-jedi' 'gnome-builder-plugin-jhbuild' 'gnome-builder-plugin-mingw' 'gnome-builder-plugin-symbol-tree' 'gnome-builder-plugin-sysmon' 'gnome-builder-plugin-todo' 'gnome-builder-plugin-vala-pack' 'gnome-builder-plugin-xml-pack' 'gnome-calculator' 'gnome-calculator-lang' 'gnome-calendar' 'gnome-calendar-lang' 'gnome-characters' 'gnome-characters-lang' 'gnome-chess' 'gnome-chess-lang' 'gnome-clocks' 'gnome-clocks-lang' 'gnome-code-assistance' 'gnome-color-chooser' 'gnome-color-chooser-lang' 'gnome-color-manager' 'gnome-color-manager-lang' 'gnome-colors-icon-theme' 'gnome-commander' 'gnome-commander-lang' 'gnome-common' 'gnome-contacts' 'gnome-contacts-lang' 'gnome-control-center' 'gnome-control-center-color' 'gnome-control-center-devel' 'gnome-control-center-goa' 'gnome-control-center-lang' 'gnome-control-center-user-faces' 'gnome-desktop' 'gnome-desktop-sharp2' 'gnome-desktop-sharp2-devel' 'gnome-desktop2' 'gnome-desktop2-lang' 'gnome-devel-docs' 'gnome-devel-docs-lang' 'gnome-dictionary' 'gnome-dictionary-lang' 'gnome-directory-thumbnailer' 'gnome-directory-thumbnailer-lang' 'gnome-disk-utility' 'gnome-disk-utility-lang' 'gnome-doc-utils' 'gnome-doc-utils-devel' 'gnome-doc-utils-lang' 'gnome-documents' 'gnome-documents' 'gnome-documents-lang' 'gnome-documents_books-common' 'gnome-dvb-daemon' 'gnome-dvb-daemon-lang' 'gnome-epub-thumbnailer' 'gnome-font-viewer' 'gnome-font-viewer-lang' 'gnome-games' 'gnome-games-extra-data' 'gnome-games-recommended' 'gnome-games-scripts' 'gnome-genius' 'gnome-getting-started-docs' 'gnome-getting-started-docs-lang' 'gnome-gmail' 'gnome-gmail-lang' 'gnome-gmail-notifier' 'gnome-gmail-notifier-lang' 'gnome-initial-setup' 'gnome-initial-setup-lang' 'gnome-js-common' 'gnome-keyring' 'gnome-keyring-sharp' 'gnome-keyring-sharp-devel' 'gnome-keysign' 'gnome-klotski' 'gnome-klotski-lang' 'gnome-logs' 'gnome-logs-lang' 'gnome-mahjongg' 'gnome-mahjongg-lang' 'gnome-maps' 'gnome-maps-lang' 'gnome-menus' 'gnome-menus-branding-openSUSE' 'gnome-menus-branding-upstream' 'gnome-menus-devel' 'gnome-menus-lang' 'gnome-mime-data' 'gnome-mines' 'gnome-mines-lang' 'gnome-mpv' 'gnome-mpv-lang' 'gnome-multi-writer' 'gnome-multi-writer-lang' 'gnome-music' 'gnome-music-lang' 'gnome-nettool' 'gnome-nettool-lang' 'gnome-nibbles' 'gnome-nibbles-lang' 'gnome-online-accounts-devel' 'gnome-online-miners' 'gnome-packagekit' 'gnome-packagekit' 'gnome-packagekit-extras' 'gnome-packagekit-lang' 'gnome-patch-translation' 'gnome-phone-manager' 'gnome-phone-manager-lang' 'gnome-photos' 'gnome-photos-lang' 'gnome-pie' 'gnome-pomodoro' 'gnome-pomodoro-lang' 'gnome-power-manager' 'gnome-power-manager-lang' 'gnome-print-sharp' 'gnome-python-desktop' 'gnome-python-desktop-devel' 'gnome-robots' 'gnome-robots-lang' 'gnome-schedule' 'gnome-schedule-lang' 'gnome-screenshot' 'gnome-screenshot-lang' 'gnome-search-tool' 'gnome-search-tool-lang' 'gnome-session' 'gnome-session-core' 'gnome-session-default-session' 'gnome-session-lang' 'gnome-settings-daemon' 'gnome-settings-daemon' 'gnome-settings-daemon-devel' 'gnome-settings-daemon-lang' 'gnome-sharp2' 'gnome-sharp2-complete' 'gnome-shell' 'gnome-shell' 'gnome-shell-browser-plugin' 'gnome-shell-calendar' 'gnome-shell-classic' 'gnome-shell-devel' 'gnome-shell-extension-gpaste' 'gnome-shell-extensions-common' 'gnome-shell-extensions-common-lang' 'gnome-shell-lang' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-bijiben' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-boxes' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-contacts' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-documents' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-epiphany' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-calculator' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-calendar' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-characters' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-clocks' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-photos' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-terminal' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnome-weather' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-gnote' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-nautilus' 'gnome-shell-search-provider-seahorse' 'gnome-software' 'gnome-software-lang' 'gnome-sound-recorder' 'gnome-sound-recorder-lang' 'gnome-subtitles' 'gnome-subtitles-lang' 'gnome-sudoku' 'gnome-sudoku-lang' 'gnome-system-monitor' 'gnome-system-monitor-lang' 'gnome-taquin' 'gnome-taquin-lang' 'gnome-terminal' 'gnome-terminal-lang' 'gnome-tetravex' 'gnome-tetravex-lang' 'gnome-themes' 'gnome-themes-accessibility' 'gnome-themes-accessibility-gtk2' 'gnome-themes-extras' 'gnome-themes-lang' 'gnome-todo' 'gnome-todo-devel' 'gnome-todo-lang' 'gnome-tweak-tool' 'gnome-tweak-tool-lang' 'gnome-user-docs' 'gnome-user-docs-lang' 'gnome-user-share' 'gnome-user-share-lang' 'gnome-version' 'gnome-vfs-monikers' 'gnome-vfs-sharp2' 'gnome-vfs2-32bit' 'gnome-vfs2-devel' 'gnome-vfs2-doc' 'gnome-video-arcade' 'gnome-video-arcade' 'gnome-video-arcade-debuginfo' 'gnome-video-arcade-debugsource' 'gnome-video-arcade-lang' 'gnome-video-effects' 'gnome-video-effects-devel' 'gnome-weather' 'gnome-weather-lang' 'gnome-web-photo' 'gnome-web-photo-lang' 'gnome_basis' 'gnote' 'gnote-lang' 'gns3' 'gns3-net-converter' 'gns3-server' 'gnu-compilers-hpc' 'gnu-compilers-hpc' 'gnu-compilers-hpc-devel' 'gnu-compilers-hpc-macros-devel' 'gnu-crypto' 'gnu-efi' 'gnu-free-fonts' 'gnu-getopt' 'gnu-getopt-javadoc' 'gnu-inetlib' 'gnu-jaf' 'gnu-netcat' 'gnu-regexp' 'gnu-regexp-demo' 'gnu-regexp-javadoc' 'gnu-unifont-legacy-bitmap-fonts' 'gnu_ddrescue' 'gnu_parallel' 'gnu_parallel-doc' 'gnubg' 'gnubg-databases' 'gnubg-doc' 'gnubg-lang' 'gnubg-sounds' 'gnucap' 'gnucash' 'gnucash-devel' 'gnucash-docs' 'gnucash-lang' 'gnuchess' 'gnugk' 'gnugo' 'gnuhealth' 'gnuhealth' 'gnuhealth-client' 'gnuhealth-client' 'gnumeric' 'gnumeric-devel' 'gnumeric-lang' 'gnump3d' 'gnunet' 'gnunet' 'gnunet-debuginfo' 'gnunet-debugsource' 'gnunet-devel' 'gnunet-lang' 'gnunet-mysql' 'gnunet-mysql-debuginfo' 'gnunet-plugins' 'gnunet-plugins-debuginfo' 'gnunet-postgresql' 'gnunet-postgresql-debuginfo' 'gnunet-sqlite' 'gnunet-sqlite-debuginfo' 'gnuplot' 'gnuplot-doc' 'gnuradio' 'gnuradio-devel' 'gnuradio-doc' 'gnuradio-examples' 'gnuradio-examples-wxgui' 'gnuradio-wxgui' 'gnuserv' 'gnusocialshell' 'gnustep-base' 'gnustep-base' 'gnustep-base-devel' 'gnustep-make' 'gnutls' 'go' 'go' 'go-doc' 'go-for-it' 'go-for-it-lang' 'go-mango-doc' 'go-md2man' 'go-race' 'go-tools' 'go1.7' 'go1.7' 'go1.7-doc' 'go1.7-race' 'go1.8' 'go1.8' 'go1.8-doc' 'go1.8-race' 'go1.9' 'go1.9' 'go1.9-doc' 'go1.9-race' 'goatattack' 'goatattack-data' 'gob2' 'gobby' 'gobby-lang' 'gobject-introspection' 'gobject-introspection-devel' 'gocr' 'gocr-gui' 'goffice-0_8-devel' 'goffice-0_8-lang' 'goffice-devel' 'goffice-lang' 'gogglesmm' 'gogglesmm' 'gogglesmm-lang' 'golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian' 'golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian' 'golang-bitbucket-taruti-bigendian-source' 'golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man' 'golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man' 'golang-github-cpuguy83-go-md2man-source' 'golang-github-dchest-authcookie' 'golang-github-dchest-authcookie' 'golang-github-dchest-authcookie-source' 'golang-github-docker-libnetwork' 'golang-github-docker-libnetwork' 'golang-github-exercism-cli' 'golang-github-exercism-cli' 'golang-github-exercism-cli-source' 'golang-github-fitstar-falcore' 'golang-github-fitstar-falcore' 'golang-github-fitstar-falcore-source' 'golang-github-golang-geo' 'golang-github-golang-geo' 'golang-github-golang-glog' 'golang-github-golang-glog' 'golang-github-golang-glog-source' 'golang-github-golang-protobuf' 'golang-github-golang-protobuf' 'golang-github-gorilla-context' 'golang-github-gorilla-context' 'golang-github-gorilla-context-source' 'golang-github-gorilla-websocket' 'golang-github-gorilla-websocket' 'golang-github-hoisie-httplib' 'golang-github-hoisie-httplib' 'golang-github-hoisie-httplib-source' 'golang-github-hoisie-mustache' 'golang-github-hoisie-mustache' 'golang-github-hoisie-mustache-source' 'golang-github-hoisie-web' 'golang-github-hoisie-web' 'golang-github-hoisie-web-source' 'golang-github-jpoirier-cpu' 'golang-github-jpoirier-cpu' 'golang-github-jpoirier-cpu-source' 'golang-github-kr-pty' 'golang-github-kr-pty' 'golang-github-kr-pty-source' 'golang-github-kr-text' 'golang-github-kr-text' 'golang-github-kr-text-source' 'golang-github-petar-gollrb' 'golang-github-petar-gollrb' 'golang-github-petar-gollrb-source' 'golang-github-philio-gomysql' 'golang-github-philio-gomysql' 'golang-github-philio-gomysql-source' 'golang-github-russross-blackfriday' 'golang-github-russross-blackfriday' 'golang-github-russross-blackfriday-source' 'golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name' 'golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name' 'golang-github-shurcool-sanitized_anchor_name-source' 'golang-google-golangorg-api' 'golang-google-golangorg-api-source' 'golang-google-golangorg-appengine' 'golang-google-golangorg-appengine' 'golang-google-golangorg-appengine-source' 'golang-google-golangorg-cloud' 'golang-google-golangorg-cloud-source' 'golang-googlecode-couch-go' 'golang-googlecode-couch-go' 'golang-googlecode-couch-go-source' 'golang-googlecode-freetype-go' 'golang-googlecode-freetype-go' 'golang-googlecode-go-gb' 'golang-googlecode-goconf' 'golang-googlecode-goconf' 'golang-googlecode-goconf-source' 'golang-googlecode-mango-doc' 'golang-googlecode-mango-doc' 'golang-gopkgin-check' 'golang-gopkgin-check' 'golang-gopkgin-check-source' 'golang-org-x-crypto' 'golang-org-x-crypto' 'golang-org-x-debug' 'golang-org-x-debug' 'golang-org-x-debug-debugproxy' 'golang-org-x-image' 'golang-org-x-image' 'golang-org-x-image-source' 'golang-org-x-net' 'golang-org-x-net' 'golang-org-x-net-context' 'golang-org-x-net-context' 'golang-org-x-net-html' 'golang-org-x-net-html' 'golang-org-x-net-source' 'golang-org-x-net-websocket' 'golang-org-x-net-websocket' 'golang-org-x-oauth2' 'golang-org-x-oauth2-source' 'golang-org-x-sync' 'golang-org-x-sync' 'golang-org-x-sys' 'golang-org-x-sys' 'golang-org-x-sys-source' 'golang-org-x-text' 'golang-org-x-text' 'golang-org-x-text-source' 'golang-org-x-time-rate' 'golang-org-x-time-rate' 'golang-org-x-tools' 'golang-org-x-tools' 'golang-org-x-tools-source' 'golang-packaging' 'golang-packaging' 'goldendict' 'gom-devel' 'gom-lang' 'gonvert' 'goobox' 'goobox-lang' 'goocanvas-devel' 'goocanvas-lang' 'google-alegreya-fonts' 'google-allerta-fonts' 'google-anonymouspro-fonts' 'google-arimo-fonts' 'google-authenticator-libpam' 'google-authenticator-libpam-32bit' 'google-cabin-fonts' 'google-caladea-fonts' 'google-cardo-fonts' 'google-chrome-beta' 'google-chrome-unstable' 'google-cloud-sdk' 'google-cloud-sdk' 'google-cloud-sdk-doc' 'google-cousine-fonts' 'google-croscore-fonts' 'google-daemon' 'google-exo-fonts' 'google-inconsolata-fonts' 'google-lekton-fonts' 'google-merriweather-fonts' 'google-nobile-fonts' 'google-roboto-mono-fonts' 'google-startup-scripts' 'google-symbolneu-fonts' 'google-tinos-fonts' 'googletest-devel' 'gos-wallpapers' 'gostcrypt' 'gostcrypt' 'gotext' 'gource' 'gourmet' 'gourmet-lang' 'govpn' 'govpn-server' 'gp2c' 'gpa' 'gpa-lang' 'gpac' 'gpac' 'gpac-debuginfo' 'gpac-debugsource' 'gparted' 'gparted-lang' 'gpaste' 'gpaste-devel' 'gpaste-lang' 'gperftools' 'gperftools-devel' 'gperiodic' 'gperiodic-lang' 'gpg-offline' 'gpgme' 'gpgmepp5' 'gpgmepp5-32bit' 'gpgmepp5-devel' 'gpgmepp5-devel-32bit' 'gphoto' 'gphotofs' 'gpick' 'gpick-lang' 'gpicview' 'gpicview-lang' 'gpm-32bit' 'gpm-devel' 'gpodder' 'gpodder' 'gpodder3' 'gpodder3' 'gpomme' 'gpredict' 'gpredict-lang' 'gprename' 'gprename-lang' 'gpresagemate' 'gprompter' 'gpsbabel' 'gpsd' 'gpsd-clients' 'gpsd-devel' 'gptfdisk-fixparts' 'gpusd' 'gpusd-devel' 'gpusd-doc' 'gputils' 'gputils-doc' 'gpxsee' 'gq' 'grabpng' 'gradio' 'gradio-lang' 'gradle-open-api' 'grail' 'grail-devel' 'gramofile' 'gramps' 'gramps-lang' 'granatier' 'granatier-lang' 'granite-common' 'granite-demo' 'granite-devel' 'grantlee-devel' 'grantlee-editor' 'grantlee-editor-lang' 'grantlee5-32bit' 'grantlee5-devel' 'grantlee5-devel-32bit' 'grantleetheme-devel' 'graphite2' 'graphviz' 'graphviz-devel' 'graphviz-doc' 'graphviz-guile' 'graphviz-gvedit' 'graphviz-gvedit' 'graphviz-java' 'graphviz-lua' 'graphviz-perl' 'graphviz-php' 'graphviz-plugins' 'graphviz-python' 'graphviz-ruby' 'graphviz-smyrna' 'graphviz-smyrna' 'graphviz-tcl' 'grc' 'greenbone-security-assistant' 'grfcodec' 'gri' 'grilo-devel' 'grilo-lang' 'grilo-plugin-dleyna' 'grilo-plugin-tracker' 'grilo-plugin-youtube' 'grilo-plugins' 'grilo-plugins-lang' 'grilo-tools' 'grip' 'grip' 'grip-debuginfo' 'grip-debugsource' 'grip-lang' 'groff-doc' 'gromacs' 'gromacs-bash' 'gromacs-devel' 'gromacs-doc' 'gromacs-openmpi' 'gromit' 'groove' 'groove-debugsource' 'growpart' 'grsync' 'grsync-lang' 'grub' 'grub2' 'grub2-branding-upstream' 'grub2-theme-breeze' 'grub2-x86_64-xen' 'grubby' 'gsettings-backend-dconf-32bit' 'gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel' 'gsf-office-thumbnailer' 'gsignond' 'gsignond-devel' 'gsignond-doc' 'gsignond-plugin-oauth' 'gsl-devel' 'gsmartcontrol' 'gsoap' 'gsoap-devel' 'gsoap-doc' 'gsound' 'gsound-devel' 'gspell-devel' 'gspell-lang' 'gssdp-utils' 'gst-rtsp-server-devel' 'gst123' 'gst123' 'gst123-debuginfo' 'gst123-debugsource' 'gstreamer' 'gstreamer-0_10' 'gstreamer-0_10' 'gstreamer-0_10-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-devel' 'gstreamer-0_10-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-fluendo-mp3' 'gstreamer-0_10-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-esd-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-gnomevfs' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugin-gnomevfs-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-devel' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-devel' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-base-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-farstream-0_1' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-farstream-0_1-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ffmpeg-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mp3-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-fluendo_mpegdemux-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-good-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-debugsource' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-doc' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-lang' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils-unversioned' 'gstreamer-0_10-utils-unversioned-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-1_0-plugins-buzztrax' 'gstreamer-1_0-plugins-buzztrax-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-32bit' 'gstreamer-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-debugsource' 'gstreamer-devel' 'gstreamer-doc' 'gstreamer-editing-services' 'gstreamer-editing-services-devel' 'gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin' 'gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugin-gnonlin-doc' 'gstreamer-plugin-gstclutter' 'gstreamer-plugin-python' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-devel-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-farstream-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-extra-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt5' 'gstreamer-plugins-qt5-devel' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-doc' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-orig-addon-debuginfo-32bit' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-debugsource' 'gstreamer-plugins-vaapi-doc' 'gstreamer-transcoder' 'gstreamer-transcoder-devel' 'gstreamer-utils' 'gstreamer-utils-debuginfo' 'gstreamer-validate' 'gstreamer-validate-devel' 'gsynaptics' 'gsynaptics-lang' 'gtg' 'gtg-lang' 'gthumb' 'gthumb-devel' 'gthumb-lang' 'gtick' 'gtick-lang' 'gtk-chtheme' 'gtk-chtheme' 'gtk-chtheme-debuginfo' 'gtk-chtheme-debugsource' 'gtk-doc' 'gtk-doc-lang' 'gtk-gnutella' 'gtk-gnutella' 'gtk-gnutella-debuginfo' 'gtk-gnutella-debugsource' 'gtk-key-theme-ctrluftw' 'gtk-recordMyDesktop' 'gtk-recordMyDesktop-lang' 'gtk-sharp-beans' 'gtk-sharp-beans-devel' 'gtk-sharp2-complete' 'gtk-sharp2-doc' 'gtk-sharp2-gapi' 'gtk-sharp3' 'gtk-sharp3-complete' 'gtk-sharp3-devel' 'gtk-sharp3-doc' 'gtk-sharp3-gapi' 'gtk-sharp3-gapi-devel' 'gtk-vector-screenshot' 'gtk-vector-screenshot' 'gtk-vector-screenshot-debuginfo' 'gtk-vector-screenshot-debugsource' 'gtk-vnc-devel' 'gtk-vnc-lang' 'gtk-vnc-tools' 'gtk-vnc2-devel' 'gtk-xfce-engine' 'gtk-xfce-engine-32bit' 'gtk2-branding-upstream' 'gtk2-devel-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-aurora' 'gtk2-engine-cleanice' 'gtk2-engine-cleanice-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-clearlooks' 'gtk2-engine-clearlooks-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-crux' 'gtk2-engine-crux-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-equinox' 'gtk2-engine-glide' 'gtk2-engine-glide-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-hcengine' 'gtk2-engine-industrial' 'gtk2-engine-industrial-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-mist' 'gtk2-engine-mist-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-murrine' 'gtk2-engine-murrine-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-nimbus' 'gtk2-engine-nimbus-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-oxygen' 'gtk2-engine-redmond95' 'gtk2-engine-redmond95-32bit' 'gtk2-engine-thinice' 'gtk2-engine-thinice-32bit' 'gtk2-engines' 'gtk2-engines-devel' 'gtk2-immodule-amharic-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-inuktitut-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-multipress' 'gtk2-immodule-multipress-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-thai-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-vietnamese-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-xim' 'gtk2-immodule-xim-32bit' 'gtk2-immodules-tigrigna' 'gtk2-immodules-tigrigna-32bit' 'gtk2-metatheme-ambiance' 'gtk2-metatheme-ambiant-mate' 'gtk2-metatheme-arc' 'gtk2-metatheme-bluebird' 'gtk2-metatheme-elementary' 'gtk2-metatheme-equinox' 'gtk2-metatheme-gilouche' 'gtk2-metatheme-greybird' 'gtk2-metatheme-industrial' 'gtk2-metatheme-nimbus' 'gtk2-metatheme-numix' 'gtk2-metatheme-paper' 'gtk2-metatheme-radiance' 'gtk2-metatheme-radiant-mate' 'gtk2-metatheme-sonar' 'gtk2-metatheme-vertex' 'gtk2-metatheme-yuyo' 'gtk2-theme-clearlooks' 'gtk2-theme-crux' 'gtk2-theme-industrial' 'gtk2-theme-mist' 'gtk2-theme-oxygen' 'gtk2-theme-redmond95' 'gtk2-theme-thinice' 'gtk2-themes' 'gtk2-theming-engine-adwaita-32bit' 'gtk2hs-buildtools' 'gtk3' 'gtk3-branding-upstream' 'gtk3-devel' 'gtk3-devel-32bit' 'gtk3-engine-unico' 'gtk3-immodule-amharic-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-broadway' 'gtk3-immodule-inuktitut-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-multipress' 'gtk3-immodule-multipress-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-thai-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-vietnamese-32bit' 'gtk3-immodule-xim' 'gtk3-immodule-xim-32bit' 'gtk3-immodules-tigrigna' 'gtk3-immodules-tigrigna-32bit' 'gtk3-metatheme-ambiance' 'gtk3-metatheme-ambiant-mate' 'gtk3-metatheme-arc' 'gtk3-metatheme-bluebird' 'gtk3-metatheme-elementary' 'gtk3-metatheme-greybird' 'gtk3-metatheme-numix' 'gtk3-metatheme-paper' 'gtk3-metatheme-radiance' 'gtk3-metatheme-radiant-mate' 'gtk3-metatheme-vertex' 'gtk3-metatheme-yuyo' 'gtk3-tools-32bit' 'gtkam' 'gtkam-doc' 'gtkam-lang' 'gtkglext-devel' 'gtkglext-doc' 'gtkhtml-4_0-lang' 'gtkhtml-devel' 'gtkimageview-devel' 'gtkiterm' 'gtkmm2-devel' 'gtkmm2-tutorial' 'gtkmm2-tutorial-lang' 'gtkmm3-devel' 'gtkmm3-doc' 'gtkmm3-tutorial' 'gtkmm3-tutorial-lang' 'gtkparasite' 'gtkpod' 'gtkpod-devel' 'gtkpod-lang' 'gtksourceview-devel' 'gtksourceview18' 'gtksourceview18-devel' 'gtksourceview18-doc' 'gtksourceview2-devel' 'gtksourceview2-lang' 'gtksourceview2-sharp' 'gtksourceviewmm-devel' 'gtkspell-devel' 'gtkspell-doc' 'gtkspell3-devel' 'gtkspell3-lang' 'gtkwave' 'gtkwave-doc' 'gtkwave-examples' 'gtranslator' 'gtranslator-devel' 'gtranslator-lang' 'gts' 'gts-devel' 'gtypist' 'gtypist-lang' 'guake' 'guake-lang' 'guayadeque' 'guayadeque' 'guayadeque-debuginfo' 'guayadeque-debugsource' 'gucharmap' 'gucharmap-devel' 'gucharmap-lang' 'gudev-sharp' 'gudev-sharp-devel' 'guestfs-data' 'guestfs-tools' 'guestfsd' 'gufw' 'gufw-lang' 'guile' 'guile-devel' 'guile-json' 'guile1' 'guilt' 'guimup' 'guimup' 'guimup-debuginfo' 'guimup-debugsource' 'guitarix' 'gummi' 'gummi-lang' 'gup' 'gupnp-av' 'gupnp-dlna-tools' 'gupnp-tools' 'gupnp-tools-lang' 'gurlchecker' 'gurlchecker-doc' 'gurlchecker-lang' 'gutenprint-devel' 'gutenprint-gimpplugin' 'guvcview' 'guvcview' 'guvcview-debuginfo' 'guvcview-debugsource' 'guvcview-devel' 'guvcview-lang' 'gv' 'gvfs-32bit' 'gvfs-devel' 'gvim' 'gwenhywfar' 'gwenhywfar-devel' 'gwenhywfar-lang' 'gwenhywfar-tools' 'gwget' 'gwget-lang' 'gxine' 'gxine' 'gxine-browser-plugin' 'gxine-browser-plugin-debuginfo' 'gxine-debuginfo' 'gxine-debugsource' 'gxine-lang' 'gyachi' 'gyachi' 'gyachi-debuginfo' 'gyachi-debugsource' 'gyachi-plugin-alsa' 'gyachi-plugin-alsa-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-blowfish' 'gyachi-plugin-blowfish-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-gpgme' 'gyachi-plugin-gpgme-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-gtkspell' 'gyachi-plugin-gtkspell-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-libnotify' 'gyachi-plugin-libnotify-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-mcrypt' 'gyachi-plugin-mcrypt-debuginfo' 'gyachi-plugin-pulseaudio' 'gyachi-plugin-pulseaudio-debuginfo' 'gyp' 'gypsy' 'gzdoom' 'gzdoom' 'gzip' 'gzrt' 'h264enc' 'h264enc' 'h2i' 'h323plus-devel' 'ha-cluster-bootstrap' 'hackbench' 'hamcrest' 'hamcrest-demo' 'hamcrest-javadoc' 'hamster-time-tracker' 'hamster-time-tracker-lang' 'handbrake' 'handbrake-cli' 'handbrake-cli-debuginfo' 'handbrake-debugsource' 'handbrake-gtk' 'handbrake-gtk-debuginfo' 'handbrake-gtk-lang' 'handedict' 'happy' 'haproxy' 'hardinfo' 'harfbuzz-tools' 'harminv' 'harminv-devel' 'hartke-aurulentsans-fonts' 'haserl' 'hashalot' 'hashcat' 'hashdeep' 'haskell_platform' 'haveged-devel' 'hawk2' 'hawk2' 'haxe' 'hbci4java' 'hbci4java-javadoc' 'hcode' 'hda-verb' 'hdajackretask' 'hdajacksensetest' 'hddtemp' 'hddtemp' 'hddtemp-debuginfo' 'hddtemp-debugsource' 'hdevtools' 'hdf' 'hdf-devel' 'hdf-devel-data' 'hdf-devel-static' 'hdf-openmpi' 'hdf-openmpi-devel' 'hdf-openmpi-devel-static' 'hdf5' 'hdf5-devel' 'hdf5-devel-32bit' 'hdf5-devel-data' 'hdf5-devel-static' 'hdf5-examples' 'hdf5-openmpi' 'hdf5-openmpi-devel' 'hdf5-openmpi-devel-32bit' 'hdf5-openmpi-devel-static' 'hdhomerun-config' 'hdhomerun-config-debuginfo' 'hdhomerun_config' 'hdhomerun_config_gui' 'hdjmod' 'hdjmod-kmp-default' 'hdspconf' 'hdsploader' 'hdspmixer' 'headmore' 'health-check' 'heaptrack' 'heaptrack-devel' 'heaptrack-gui' 'heaptrack-lang' 'heldenviewer' 'heldenviewer' 'heldenviewer-debuginfo' 'hello' 'help2man' 'hercules' 'herqq-devel' 'hex' 'hex2bin' 'hexchat' 'hexchat-devel' 'hexchat-lang' 'hexchat-plugins-perl' 'hexchat-plugins-python3' 'hexen2' 'hexen2' 'hexen2-debuginfo' 'hexen2-debugsource' 'hexenworld' 'hexenworld-debuginfo' 'hexter' 'hfsutils' 'hg-fast-export' 'hg-git' 'hgview' 'hgview-qt4' 'hiawatha' 'highlight-gui' 'highlighting-kate' 'himeno' 'hiredis' 'hiredis-devel' 'hitori' 'hitori-lang' 'hivex' 'hivex-devel' 'hivex-lang' 'hlint' 'hmaccalc' 'hmconv' 'hollywood' 'hollywood-data' 'homebank' 'homebank-lang' 'homerhevc' 'homerhevc' 'homerhevc-debuginfo' 'homeshick' 'honggfuzz' 'hostap-utils' 'hostapd' 'hostapd' 'hostinfo' 'hostname' 'howl' 'hp-drive-guard' 'hp2xx' 'hpack' 'hping' 'hping-doc' 'hplip' 'hplip-devel' 'hscolour' 'hspec-discover' 'hsqldb' 'hsqldb-demo' 'hsqldb-javadoc' 'hsqldb-manual' 'ht' 'ht2html' 'htdig' 'htdig-devel' 'htdig-doc' 'hte' 'html-dtd' 'html2ps' 'html2text' 'htmldoc' 'http-parser-devel' 'httperf' 'httrack' 'httrack-devel' 'humanity-icon-theme' 'hunspell-32bit' 'hunspell-devel' 'hunspell-devel-32bit' 'hunspell-static' 'hwdata' 'hwdata' 'hwinfo' 'hwinfo-devel' 'hwloc' 'hwloc-data' 'hwloc-devel' 'hwloc-doc' 'hwloc-lstopo' 'hwmixvolume' 'hwsd' 'hwsd' 'hwsd-debuginfo' 'hwsd-debugsource' 'hwsd-devel' 'hwsd-doc' 'hxtools' 'hxtools-data' 'hxtools-man' 'hxtools-profile' 'hxtools-scripts' 'hyena' 'hylafax+' 'hylafax+' 'hylafax+-client' 'hyper-v' 'hyper-v' 'hyphen' 'hyphen-devel' 'i18nspector' 'i2c-tools' 'i3-devel' 'i3lock-xlock-compat' 'i4l-base' 'i4l-isdnlog' 'i4l-vbox' 'i4lfirm' 'iagno' 'iagno-lang' 'ibacm' 'ibm-data-db2' 'ibmrtpkgs' 'ibmswtpm2' 'ibmtss' 'ibmtss-base' 'ibmtss-devel' 'ibsim' 'ibus' 'ibus-anthy' 'ibus-anthy-devel' 'ibus-branding-openSUSE-KDE' 'ibus-chewing' 'ibus-devel' 'ibus-googlepinyin' 'ibus-gtk' 'ibus-gtk-32bit' 'ibus-gtk3' 'ibus-gtk3-32bit' 'ibus-hangul' 'ibus-input-pad' 'ibus-kkc' 'ibus-lang' 'ibus-libpinyin' 'ibus-libzhuyin' 'ibus-m17n' 'ibus-mozc' 'ibus-mozc-candidate-window' 'ibus-pinyin' 'ibus-qt' 'ibus-qt-32bit' 'ibus-qt-devel' 'ibus-rime' 'ibus-skk' 'ibus-sunpinyin' 'ibus-table' 'ibus-table-chinese-array' 'ibus-table-chinese-cangjie' 'ibus-table-chinese-cantonese' 'ibus-table-chinese-easy' 'ibus-table-chinese-erbi' 'ibus-table-chinese-jyutping' 'ibus-table-chinese-quick' 'ibus-table-chinese-scj' 'ibus-table-chinese-stroke5' 'ibus-table-chinese-wu' 'ibus-table-chinese-wubi-haifeng' 'ibus-table-chinese-wubi-jidian' 'ibus-table-chinese-yong' 'ibus-table-cns11643' 'ibus-table-compose' 'ibus-table-devel' 'ibus-table-emoji' 'ibus-table-extraphrase' 'ibus-table-extraphrase-devel' 'ibus-table-ipa-x-sampa' 'ibus-table-latex' 'ibus-table-mathwriter' 'ibus-table-others' 'ibus-table-rusle' 'ibus-table-rustrad' 'ibus-table-thai' 'ibus-table-translit' 'ibus-table-translit-ua' 'ibus-table-viqr' 'ibus-table-yawerty' 'ibus-table-zhengma' 'ibus-table-zhuyin' 'ibus-table-ziranma' 'ibus-unikey' 'ibutils' 'ibutils-devel' 'ibutils-devel-static' 'ibvexdmtools' 'icc-examin' 'icc-mime-types' 'icc-profiles' 'icc-profiles-all' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-lstarrgb' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-coat2' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-doc' 'icc-profiles-basiccolor-printing2009-extra' 'icc-profiles-lcms-lab' 'icc-profiles-mini' 'icc-profiles-openicc-rgb' 'icc-profiles-oyranos-extra' 'icc-profiles-scp-argyll' 'icc-profiles-scp-fogra' 'icc-profiles-scp-oysonar' 'icc-profiles-scp-yamma' 'icc-targets-fogra' 'icc-targets-npes' 'iceWMCP' 'iceWMCP-addons' 'icecast' 'icecast-doc' 'icecream' 'icecream-clang-wrappers' 'icecream-monitor' 'icedax' 'icedtea-web-javadoc' 'ices' 'icewm' 'icewm-theme-branding' 'icewm-themes' 'icinga' 'icinga-devel' 'icinga-doc' 'icinga-idoutils' 'icinga-idoutils-mysql' 'icinga-idoutils-oracle' 'icinga-idoutils-pgsql' 'icinga-plugins-downtimes' 'icinga-plugins-eventhandlers' 'icinga-www' 'icinga-www-config' 'icmake' 'icmpinfo' 'icns-utils' 'ico' 'icon-naming-utils' 'icoutils' 'icu' 'icu' 'icu-data' 'icu4j' 'icu4j-javadoc' 'id3lib' 'id3lib-32bit' 'id3lib-devel' 'id3lib-examples' 'id3v2' 'idep' 'ido-devel' 'idutils' 'idutils-lang' 'idzebra' 'idzebra-devel' 'idzebra-doc' 'iftop' 'ifuse' 'igerman98-doc' 'ignuit' 'iio-sensor-proxy' 'iksemel' 'iksemel-devel' 'ikvm' 'ilbc-devel' 'ilmbase' 'ilmbase-debugsource' 'ilmbase-devel' 'ima-evm-utils-devel' 'imagej' 'imagination' 'imagination' 'imagination-debuginfo' 'imagination-debugsource' 'imagination-doc' 'imagination-lang' 'imake' 'imap' 'imap-devel' 'imapfilter' 'imgen' 'imgvtopgm' 'imhangul' 'imhangul-32bit' 'imlib2-devel' 'imlib2-filters' 'imobiledevice-tools' 'imwheel' 'imx-usb-loader' 'incidenceeditor-devel' 'indent' 'indic-fonts' 'infiniband-diags' 'infiniband-diags-devel' 'infinipath-psm-devel' 'infinoted' 'info2html' 'info4' 'infos-creator-rpm' 'ini4j' 'ini4j-javadoc' 'injeqt-devel' 'inkscape-extensions-dia' 'inkscape-extensions-fig' 'inkscape-extensions-skencil' 'inn' 'inn-devel' 'innoextract' 'innotop' 'inotify-tools' 'inotify-tools-devel' 'inotify-tools-doc' 'input-pad' 'input-pad-devel' 'input-pad-eek' 'input-pad-xtest' 'inputproto-devel' 'inst-source-utils' 'install-initrd-openSUSE' 'installation-images-debuginfodeps-openSUSE' 'instsource-susedata' 'int10h-oldschoolpc-fonts' 'intel-SINIT' 'intel-cmt-cat' 'intel-gpu-tools' 'intelhex' 'interbench' 'intlfonts-arabic-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-asian-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-bdf-fonts' 'intlfonts-chinese-big-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-chinese-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-ethiopic-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-japanese-big-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-japanese-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-phonetic-bitmap-fonts' 'intlfonts-ttf-fonts' 'intlfonts-type1-fonts' 'intltool' 'invm-cim-devel' 'invm-cli-devel' 'invm-i18n-devel' 'inxi' 'iodbc' 'iodbc-admin' 'iodine' 'iometer' 'ioping' 'iops' 'iotop' 'iouyap' 'iozone' 'iozone-doc' 'ip6addr' 'ipa-ex-gothic-fonts' 'ipa-ex-mincho-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-bold-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-bolditalic-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-fonts' 'ipa-gothic-italic-fonts' 'ipa-mincho-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-bold-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-bolditalic-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-fonts' 'ipa-pgothic-italic-fonts' 'ipa-pmincho-fonts' 'ipa-uigothic-fonts' 'ipadic' 'ipcalc' 'iperf' 'iperf-devel' 'ipmitool' 'ipmiutil' 'ipmiutil-devel' 'iproute2' 'iproute2-doc' 'iproute2-doc' 'iproxy' 'ipsec-tools' 'ipsec-tools' 'ipset' 'ipset' 'ipset-devel' 'ipset-kmp-default' 'iptables' 'iptraf-ng' 'ipvsadm' 'ipw-firmware' 'ipxrip' 'irda' 'irqd' 'irrlicht-data' 'irrlicht-devel' 'irssi' 'irssi' 'irssi-devel' 'irssi-otr' 'isapnp' 'isapnp-devel' 'isight-firmware-tools' 'isl-devel' 'isl-devel-32bit' 'iso-codes-devel' 'iso-country-flags-png' 'iso_ent' 'isomaster' 'isomaster' 'isomaster-debuginfo' 'isomaster-lang' 'isorelax' 'isorelax-javadoc' 'ispell' 'ispell-brazilian' 'ispell-british' 'ispell-bulgarian' 'ispell-catalan' 'ispell-czech' 'ispell-danish' 'ispell-dutch' 'ispell-esperanto' 'ispell-estonian' 'ispell-finnish' 'ispell-french' 'ispell-german' 'ispell-greek' 'ispell-hungarian' 'ispell-italian' 'ispell-naustrian' 'ispell-ngerman' 'ispell-norsk' 'ispell-nswiss' 'ispell-polish' 'ispell-portuguese' 'ispell-russian' 'ispell-slovak' 'ispell-slovene' 'ispell-spanish' 'ispell-swedish' 'issue-generator' 'istgt' 'isync' 'itk' 'itk' 'itstool' 'iucode-tool' 'iverilog' 'iverilog-devel' 'ivtv' 'ivtv-firmware' 'ivykis-devel' 'iwatch' 'iwidgets' 'iwpmd' 'iwscanner' 'ixpdimm-cli' 'ixpdimm-data' 'ixpdimm-devel' 'ixpdimm-monitor' 'jack' 'jack-32bit' 'jack-rack' 'jackEQ' 'jack_mixer' 'jack_mixer' 'jack_mixer-debuginfo' 'jack_mixer-debugsource' 'jackmixdesk' 'jackmixdesk' 'jackmixdesk-debuginfo' 'jackmixdesk-debugsource' 'jacktrip' 'jacktrip' 'jacktrip-debuginfo' 'jacktrip-debugsource' 'jaero' 'jag' 'jag-data' 'jag-level-editor' 'jakarta-commons-compress' 'jakarta-commons-compress-1_1' 'jakarta-commons-compress-1_1' 'jakarta-commons-compress-1_1-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-compress-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-dbcp' 'jakarta-commons-dbcp-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-dbcp-src' 'jakarta-commons-digester' 'jakarta-commons-digester-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-discovery' 'jakarta-commons-discovery-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-fileupload' 'jakarta-commons-fileupload-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-launcher' 'jakarta-commons-launcher-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-modeler' 'jakarta-commons-modeler-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-net' 'jakarta-commons-net-javadoc' 'jakarta-commons-transaction' 'jakarta-commons-transaction-javadoc' 'jakarta-poi' 'jakarta-poi-javadoc' 'jakarta-poi-manual' 'jakarta-slide-webdavclient' 'jakarta-slide-webdavclient-javadoc' 'jakarta-slide-webdavclient-repolib' 'jakarta-taglibs-standard' 'jakarta-taglibs-standard-javadoc' 'jamulus' 'jamulus' 'jamulus-debuginfo' 'jasper' 'jasper' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat-32bit' 'java-1_5_0-gcj-compat-devel' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-accessibility' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap-devel' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-bootstrap-headless' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-demo' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-devel' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-headless' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-javadoc' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-plugin' 'java-1_7_0-openjdk-src' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-accessibility' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-demo' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-devel' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-javadoc' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-src' 'java-atk-wrapper' 'java-binfmt-misc' 'java-binfmt-misc' 'java-cup' 'java-cup-manual' 'java-libkolabxml1' 'java-mraa' 'javacc' 'javacc-demo' 'javacc-manual' 'javacc3' 'javacc3-demo' 'javacc3-manual' 'javacc3-repolib' 'javahelp2' 'javahelp2-javadoc' 'javahelp2-manual' 'javapackages-tools' 'javassist' 'javassist-demo' 'javassist-javadoc' 'javassist-manual' 'javazic' 'jaxen' 'jaxen-bootstrap' 'jaxodraw' 'jaxodraw-javadoc' 'jaxodraw-latex' 'jbig2dec' 'jbig2dec-devel' 'jbig2dec-devel-32bit' 'jbigkit' 'jcifs' 'jcifs-demo' 'jcifs-javadoc' 'jcip-annotations' 'jcodings' 'jcommon' 'jcommon-javadoc' 'jcommon-test' 'jdepend' 'jdepend-demo' 'jdepend-javadoc' 'jdom' 'jedit' 'jedit-javadoc' 'jemalloc' 'jemalloc-devel' 'jemalloc-devel-static' 'jemmy' 'jemmy-javadoc' 'jeos-firstboot' 'jeuclid' 'jeuclid-cli' 'jeuclid-fop' 'jeuclid-mathviewer' 'jfbterm' 'jflex' 'jflex-bootstrap' 'jflex-doc' 'jformatstring' 'jformatstring-javadoc' 'jfsutils' 'jgoodies-forms' 'jgoodies-forms-demo' 'jgoodies-forms-javadoc' 'jgoodies-forms-manual' 'jgoodies-looks' 'jgoodies-looks-demo' 'jgoodies-looks-javadoc' 'jgoodies-looks-manual' 'jgraphx' 'jgraphx' 'jgroups' 'jgroups-javadoc' 'jgroups-manual' 'jgroups-repolib' 'jhbuild' 'jhbuild-lang' 'jhbuild-recommended-deps' 'jhead' 'jhead' 'jigdo' 'jigit' 'jikes' 'jimtcl' 'jimtcl-devel' 'jing' 'jisp2' 'jisp2-demo' 'jisp2-javadoc' 'jlatexmath' 'jlatexmath-fop' 'jlatexmath-javadoc' 'jlex' 'jlfgr' 'jline' 'jmess' 'jmess' 'jmess-debuginfo' 'jmess-debugsource' 'jmock' 'jmock-demo' 'jmock-javadoc' 'jna' 'jna-javadoc' 'joda-time' 'joda-time-javadoc' 'jogl2' 'john' 'john-wordlists' 'jomolhari-fonts' 'jondo' 'jondofox' 'jovie' 'jrosetta' 'js' 'js' 'js-debuginfo' 'js-debugsource' 'js-devel' 'jsch' 'jsch-demo' 'jsch-javadoc' 'jsmn-devel' 'json-glib-devel' 'jsoncpp' 'jsoncpp-debugsource' 'jsoncpp-devel' 'jsr-305' 'jsr-305-javadoc' 'jtidy' 'jtidy-scripts' 'judy-devel' 'judy-doc' 'juk' 'julia' 'julia-compat' 'julia-compat-devel' 'julia-devel' 'julia-doc' 'julia-examples' 'jumpnbump' 'junit' 'junit-demo' 'junit-javadoc' 'junit-manual' 'junitperf' 'junitperf-demo' 'junitperf-javadoc' 'jvyamlb' 'jxrlib' 'jxrlib-devel' 'jython' 'jython-demo' 'jython-javadoc' 'jython-manual' 'jzlib' 'jzlib-demo' 'jzlib-javadoc' 'k3b' 'k3b-debuginfo' 'k3b-debugsource' 'k3b-devel' 'k4dirstat' 'k4dirstat-lang' 'k9copy' 'k9copy' 'k9copy-debuginfo' 'k9copy-debugsource' 'k9copy-lang' 'kaccessible' 'kaccounts-integration-32bit' 'kaccounts-integration-devel' 'kactivities-stats-devel' 'kactivities-stats-devel-32bit' 'kactivities5-devel' 'kactivities5-devel-32bit' 'kactivities5-tools' 'kadu' 'kadu-anonymous_check' 'kadu-completion' 'kadu-devel' 'kadu-import_history' 'kadu-mimetex' 'kadu-sound-bns' 'kadu-sound-drums' 'kadu-sound-florkus' 'kadu-sound-michalsrodek' 'kadu-sound-percussion' 'kadu-sound-ultr' 'kaffeine' 'kajongg' 'kakasi' 'kakasi-devel' 'kakasi-dict' 'kakoune' 'kalarm' 'kalarm-lang' 'kalarmcal-devel' 'kalgebra' 'kalgebra-lang' 'kalzium' 'kalzium-devel' 'kalzium-lang' 'kanagram' 'kanagram-lang' 'kanjipad' 'kapidox' 'kapman' 'kapman-lang' 'kapptemplate' 'kapptemplate-lang' 'karchive-devel' 'karchive-devel-32bit' 'kasumi' 'kate4-parts' 'katomic' 'katomic-lang' 'kauth-devel' 'kauth-devel-32bit' 'kbdsniffd' 'kblackbox' 'kblackbox-lang' 'kblocks' 'kblocks-lang' 'kblog-devel' 'kblog-lang' 'kbookmarks-devel' 'kbookmarks-devel-32bit' 'kbounce' 'kbounce-lang' 'kbreakout' 'kbreakout-lang' 'kbruch' 'kbruch-lang' 'kbuild' 'kcachegrind' 'kcachegrind-lang' 'kcalcore-devel' 'kcalutils-devel' 'kchmviewer' 'kcmutils-devel' 'kcmutils-devel-32bit' 'kcodecs-devel' 'kcodecs-devel-32bit' 'kcompletion-devel' 'kcompletion-devel-32bit' 'kconfig-devel' 'kconfig-devel-32bit' 'kconfigwidgets-devel' 'kconfigwidgets-devel-32bit' 'kcontacts-devel' 'kcontacts-devel-32bit' 'kcoreaddons' 'kcoreaddons-devel' 'kcoreaddons-devel-32bit' 'kcrash-devel' 'kcrash-devel-32bit' 'kcron' 'kcron-lang' 'kdav-devel' 'kdb-devel' 'kdb-lang' 'kdb-mysql-driver' 'kdb-postgresql-driver' 'kdb-sqlite3-driver' 'kdbg' 'kdbg-doc' 'kdbg-lang' 'kdbusaddons-devel' 'kdbusaddons-devel-32bit' 'kde-l10n-ar' 'kde-l10n-ast' 'kde-l10n-bg' 'kde-l10n-bs' 'kde-l10n-ca' 'kde-l10n-caValencia' 'kde-l10n-cs' 'kde-l10n-da' 'kde-l10n-da-data' 'kde-l10n-da-doc' 'kde-l10n-de' 'kde-l10n-de-data' 'kde-l10n-de-doc' 'kde-l10n-devel' 'kde-l10n-el' 'kde-l10n-en_GB' 'kde-l10n-en_GB-data' 'kde-l10n-en_GB-doc' 'kde-l10n-eo' 'kde-l10n-es' 'kde-l10n-es-data' 'kde-l10n-es-doc' 'kde-l10n-et' 'kde-l10n-et-data' 'kde-l10n-et-doc' 'kde-l10n-eu' 'kde-l10n-fa' 'kde-l10n-fi' 'kde-l10n-fr' 'kde-l10n-fr-data' 'kde-l10n-fr-doc' 'kde-l10n-ga' 'kde-l10n-gl' 'kde-l10n-he' 'kde-l10n-hi' 'kde-l10n-hr' 'kde-l10n-hu' 'kde-l10n-ia' 'kde-l10n-id' 'kde-l10n-is' 'kde-l10n-it' 'kde-l10n-it-data' 'kde-l10n-it-doc' 'kde-l10n-ja' 'kde-l10n-kk' 'kde-l10n-km' 'kde-l10n-ko' 'kde-l10n-lt' 'kde-l10n-lv' 'kde-l10n-mr' 'kde-l10n-nb' 'kde-l10n-nds' 'kde-l10n-nl' 'kde-l10n-nl-data' 'kde-l10n-nl-doc' 'kde-l10n-nn' 'kde-l10n-pa' 'kde-l10n-pl' 'kde-l10n-pl-data' 'kde-l10n-pl-doc' 'kde-l10n-pt' 'kde-l10n-pt_BR' 'kde-l10n-pt_BR-data' 'kde-l10n-pt_BR-doc' 'kde-l10n-ro' 'kde-l10n-ru' 'kde-l10n-ru-data' 'kde-l10n-ru-doc' 'kde-l10n-sk' 'kde-l10n-sl' 'kde-l10n-sr' 'kde-l10n-sv' 'kde-l10n-sv-data' 'kde-l10n-sv-doc' 'kde-l10n-tr' 'kde-l10n-ug' 'kde-l10n-uk' 'kde-l10n-uk-data' 'kde-l10n-uk-doc' 'kde-l10n-wa' 'kde-l10n-zh_CN' 'kde-l10n-zh_TW' 'kde4-kgreeter-plugins' 'kde4-mediainfo' 'kde4-pacpl-plugins' 'kdebase4-runtime-devel' 'kdebase4-workspace' 'kdebase4-workspace-addons' 'kdebase4-workspace-devel' 'kdebase4-workspace-ksysguardd' 'kdebase4-workspace-liboxygenstyle' 'kdebase4-workspace-liboxygenstyle-32bit' 'kdebase4-workspace-libs-32bit' 'kdebindings-smokegen' 'kdebugsettings' 'kdebugsettings-lang' 'kdeclarative-components-32bit' 'kdeclarative-devel' 'kdeclarative-devel-32bit' 'kdeclarative-tools' 'kded-devel' 'kdedesktopcheck' 'kdeedu-data' 'kdegames-carddecks-other' 'kdegames4-carddecks-default' 'kdegames4-carddecks-other' 'kdelibs4-apidocs' 'kdelibs4-branding-upstream' 'kdelibs4-doc' 'kdelibs4support-32bit' 'kdelibs4support-devel' 'kdelibs4support-devel-32bit' 'kdenlive' 'kdenlive' 'kdenlive-debuginfo' 'kdenlive-debugsource' 'kdenlive-lang' 'kdepim-addons' 'kdepim-apps-libs-devel' 'kdesdk-thumbnailers' 'kdesdk-thumbnailers-lang' 'kdesdk4-scripts' 'kdesdk4-scripts-kf5-porting' 'kdesignerplugin' 'kdesignerplugin-devel' 'kdesignerplugin-lang' 'kdesu-devel' 'kdesu-devel-32bit' 'kdesvn' 'kdesvn' 'kdevelop4' 'kdevelop4-devel' 'kdevelop4-doc' 'kdevelop4-lang' 'kdevelop4-pg-qt' 'kdevelop4-plugin-cppsupport' 'kdevelop4-plugins-php' 'kdevelop4-plugins-php-doc' 'kdevelop5' 'kdevelop5-lang' 'kdevelop5-pg-qt' 'kdevelop5-plugin-php' 'kdevelop5-plugin-php-lang' 'kdevelop5-plugin-python3' 'kdevelop5-plugin-python3-lang' 'kdevplatform' 'kdevplatform-devel' 'kdevplatform-lang' 'kdevplatform4' 'kdevplatform4-lang' 'kdewebkit-devel' 'kdewebkit-devel-32bit' 'kdf' 'kdf-lang' 'kdgantt2' 'kdgantt2-devel' 'kdiagram-devel' 'kdiamond' 'kdiamond-lang' 'kdiff3' 'kdiff3-lang' 'kdm' 'kdm-branding-openSUSE' 'kdm-branding-upstream' 'kdnssd-framework-devel' 'kdnssd-framework-devel-32bit' 'kdoctools-devel' 'kdoctools-devel-32bit' 'kdstatemachineeditor' 'kdstatemachineeditor-devel' 'kdump' 'kdumpid' 'kdvdcreator' 'kdvdcreator' 'kdvdcreator-debuginfo' 'kdvdcreator-debugsource' 'keepalived' 'keepass' 'keepassx' 'keepassxc' 'keepassxc' 'keepassxc-lang' 'kelbt' 'kemoticons-devel' 'kemoticons-devel-32bit' 'kepas' 'kernel-coverage' 'kernel-debug' 'kernel-debug' 'kernel-debug-base' 'kernel-debug-devel' 'kernel-default' 'kernel-default-base' 'kernel-default-devel' 'kernel-devel' 'kernel-docs' 'kernel-docs' 'kernel-docs-html' 'kernel-docs-pdf' 'kernel-firmware' 'kernel-macros' 'kernel-obs-build' 'kernel-obs-build' 'kernel-obs-qa' 'kernel-obs-qa' 'kernel-source' 'kernel-source' 'kernel-source-vanilla' 'kernel-syms' 'kernel-syms' 'kernel-vanilla' 'kernel-vanilla' 'kernel-vanilla-base' 'kernel-vanilla-devel' 'kernelshark' 'ketchup' 'kexec-tools' 'kexi' 'kexi-lang' 'kexis' 'kexis' 'kexis-debuginfo' 'kexis-debugsource' 'keybinder-devel' 'keybinder-lua' 'keybinder3-devel' 'keychain' 'keychain' 'keyutils-devel' 'kf5-filesystem' 'kf5-kcm-fcitx' 'kf5-kcm-fcitx-icons' 'kf5-mediainfo' 'kffmpegthumbnailer' 'kffmpegthumbnailer' 'kffmpegthumbnailer-debuginfo' 'kffmpegthumbnailer-debugsource' 'kfilemetadata' 'kfilemetadata-devel' 'kfilemetadata5-32bit' 'kfilemetadata5-devel' 'kfilereplace' 'kfind' 'kfind-lang' 'kfloppy' 'kfloppy-lang' 'kfourinline' 'kfourinline-lang' 'kgeography' 'kgeography-lang' 'kglobalaccel-devel' 'kglobalaccel-devel-32bit' 'kgoldrunner' 'kguiaddons-devel' 'kguiaddons-devel-32bit' 'khangman' 'khangman-lang' 'khmeros-fonts' 'kholidays' 'kholidays-devel' 'kholidays-lang' 'khotkeys5-devel' 'khtml-devel' 'khtml-devel-32bit' 'ki18n-devel' 'ki18n-devel-32bit' 'kicad' 'kicad-doc' 'kicad-doc-ca' 'kicad-doc-de' 'kicad-doc-en' 'kicad-doc-es' 'kicad-doc-fr' 'kicad-doc-id' 'kicad-doc-it' 'kicad-doc-ja' 'kicad-doc-nl' 'kicad-doc-pl' 'kicad-doc-ru' 'kicad-footprints' 'kicad-lang-bg' 'kicad-lang-ca' 'kicad-lang-cs' 'kicad-lang-de' 'kicad-lang-el' 'kicad-lang-es' 'kicad-lang-fi' 'kicad-lang-fr' 'kicad-lang-hu' 'kicad-lang-id' 'kicad-lang-it' 'kicad-lang-ja' 'kicad-lang-ko' 'kicad-lang-lt' 'kicad-lang-nl' 'kicad-lang-pl' 'kicad-lang-pt' 'kicad-lang-ru' 'kicad-lang-sk' 'kicad-lang-sl' 'kicad-lang-sv' 'kicad-lang-zh_CN' 'kicad-library' 'kicad-library-install' 'kiconthemes-devel' 'kiconthemes-devel-32bit' 'kid3' 'kid3' 'kid3-cli' 'kid3-cli-debuginfo' 'kid3-core' 'kid3-core-debuginfo' 'kid3-core-lang' 'kid3-debuginfo' 'kid3-debugsource' 'kid3-doc' 'kid3-qt' 'kid3-qt-debuginfo' 'kid3-qt-doc' 'kidentitymanagement-devel' 'kidletime-devel' 'kidletime-devel-32bit' 'kig' 'kig-lang' 'kigo' 'kile' 'kile-lang' 'killbots' 'killbots-lang' 'killerd' 'killswitch-applet' 'kim' 'kim' 'kimageformats-32bit' 'kimagemapeditor' 'kimap-devel' 'kinit-32bit' 'kinit-devel' 'kino' 'kino' 'kino-debuginfo' 'kino-debugsource' 'kino-devel' 'kinput2' 'kio' 'kio-32bit' 'kio-core-32bit' 'kio-devel' 'kio-devel-32bit' 'kio-gdrive' 'kio-gdrive-lang' 'kio_audiocd-devel' 'kio_audiocd4-devel' 'kio_iso' 'kirigami' 'kirigami-devel' 'kirigami-lang' 'kiriki' 'kiriki-lang' 'kismet' 'kitemmodels-devel' 'kitemmodels-devel-32bit' 'kitemviews-devel' 'kitemviews-devel-32bit' 'kiten' 'kiten-devel' 'kiten-lang' 'kiwi' 'kiwi-boot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-isoboot' 'kiwi-desc-isoboot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-netboot' 'kiwi-desc-netboot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-oemboot' 'kiwi-desc-oemboot-requires' 'kiwi-desc-vmxboot' 'kiwi-desc-vmxboot-requires' 'kiwi-doc' 'kiwi-instsource' 'kiwi-instsource-plugins-openSUSE-13-2' 'kiwi-man-pages' 'kiwi-media-requires' 'kiwi-pxeboot' 'kiwi-requires' 'kiwi-templates' 'kiwi-test' 'kiwi-tools' 'kjobwidgets-devel' 'kjobwidgets-devel-32bit' 'kjots' 'kjots-lang' 'kjs-devel' 'kjs-devel-32bit' 'kjs-devel-lang' 'kjsembed-devel' 'kjsembed-devel-32bit' 'kjumpingcube' 'kjumpingcube-lang' 'kkc-data' 'klatexformula' 'klatexformula-apidoc' 'klatexformula-devel' 'klatexformula-ktexteditor-plugin' 'klavaro' 'kldap-devel' 'klettres' 'klettres-lang' 'klick' 'klick' 'klick-debuginfo' 'klick-debugsource' 'klickety' 'klickety-lang' 'klines' 'klines-lang' 'klinkstatus' 'kmail' 'kmailtransport-devel' 'kmbox-devel' 'kmediaplayer-devel' 'kmediaplayer-devel-32bit' 'kmime-devel' 'kmix' 'kmod' 'kmouth' 'kmozillahelper' 'kmplot' 'kmplot-lang' 'kmscon' 'kmymoney' 'kmymoney-devel' 'kmymoney-doc' 'kmymoney-lang' 'knavalbattle' 'knavalbattle-lang' 'knemo' 'knetwalk' 'knetwalk-lang' 'knewstuff-core-devel' 'knewstuff-devel' 'knewstuff-devel-32bit' 'knewstuff-imports' 'knewstuff-quick-devel' 'knock' 'knockd' 'knot' 'knotifications-devel' 'knotifications-devel-32bit' 'knotifyconfig-devel' 'knotifyconfig-devel-32bit' 'koan' 'kodi' 'kodi' 'kodi-debuginfo' 'kodi-debugsource' 'kodi-devel' 'kodi.binary-addons' 'kodi.binary-addons' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.2sf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.2sf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.fluidsynth' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.fluidsynth-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gme' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gme-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gsf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.gsf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.modplug' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.modplug-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.nosefart' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.nosefart-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.organya' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.organya-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.qsf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.qsf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.snesapu' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.snesapu-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.ssf' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.ssf-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.stsound' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.stsound-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.timidity' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.timidity-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.vgmstream' 'kodi.binary-addons-audiodecoder.vgmstream-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.flac' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.flac-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.lame' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.lame-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.vorbis' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.vorbis-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.wav' 'kodi.binary-addons-audioencoder.wav-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-debugsource' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.adaptive' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.adaptive-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.rtmp' 'kodi.binary-addons-inputstream.rtmp-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-peripheral.joystick' 'kodi.binary-addons-peripheral.joystick-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.argustv' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.argustv-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.demo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.demo-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvblink' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvblink-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvbviewer' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.dvbviewer-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.filmon' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.filmon-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hdhomerun' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hdhomerun-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hts' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.hts-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.iptvsimple' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.iptvsimple-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mediaportal.tvserver' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mediaportal.tvserver-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mythtv' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.mythtv-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.nextpvr' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.nextpvr-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.njoy' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.njoy-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.octonet' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.octonet-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.pctv' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.pctv-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.stalker' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.stalker-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vbox' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vbox-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vdr.vnsi' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vdr.vnsi-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vuplus' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.vuplus-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.wmc' 'kodi.binary-addons-pvr.wmc-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asteroids' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asteroids-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asterwave' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.asterwave-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.biogenesis' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.biogenesis-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.cpblobs' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.cpblobs-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.greynetic' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.greynetic-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.matrixtrails' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.matrixtrails-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pingpong' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pingpong-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pyro' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.pyro-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.stars' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensaver.stars-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensavers.rsxs' 'kodi.binary-addons-screensavers.rsxs-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.fishbmc' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.fishbmc-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.goom' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.goom-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.projectm' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.projectm-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.shadertoy' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.shadertoy-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.spectrum' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.spectrum-debuginfo' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.waveform' 'kodi.binary-addons-visualization.waveform-debuginfo' 'kolf' 'kollision' 'kollision-lang' 'kolor-manager' 'kolourpaint' 'kolourpaint-lang' 'kompare-devel' 'konkretcmpi-devel' 'konkretcmpi-python' 'konqueror' 'konqueror-devel' 'konqueror-lang' 'konqueror-plugins' 'konquest' 'konsole4-part' 'kontactinterface-devel' 'konversation' 'kopano' 'kopano-archiver' 'kopano-backup' 'kopano-bash-completion' 'kopano-client' 'kopano-common' 'kopano-compat' 'kopano-contacts' 'kopano-dagent' 'kopano-devel' 'kopano-gateway' 'kopano-ical' 'kopano-lang' 'kopano-migration-imap' 'kopano-migration-pst' 'kopano-monitor' 'kopano-presence' 'kopano-search' 'kopano-server' 'kopano-server-packages' 'kopano-spooler' 'kopano-utils' 'kopano-webapp' 'kopano-webapp' 'kopano-webapp-contactfax' 'kopano-webapp-folderwidgets' 'kopano-webapp-gmaps' 'kopano-webapp-lang' 'kopano-webapp-pimfolder' 'kopano-webapp-quickitems' 'kopano-webapp-titlecounter' 'kopano-webapp-webappmanual' 'kopano-webapp-zdeveloper' 'kopete-devel' 'kpackage-32bit' 'kpackage-devel' 'kpackage-devel-32bit' 'kpartloader' 'kpartloader-lang' 'kparts-devel' 'kparts-devel-32bit' 'kpartsplugin' 'kpartsplugin' 'kpartsplugin-debuginfo' 'kpartsplugin-debugsource' 'kpassgen' 'kpeople5-32bit' 'kpeople5-devel' 'kpeople5-devel-32bit' 'kpimtextedit-devel' 'kplayer' 'kplayer' 'kplayer-debuginfo' 'kplayer-debugsource' 'kplayer-doc' 'kplayer-lang' 'kplotting-devel' 'kplotting-devel-32bit' 'kpmcore' 'kpmcore-devel' 'kpmcore-lang' 'kppp' 'kproperty' 'kproperty-devel' 'kpty-devel' 'kpty-devel-32bit' 'kqtquickcharts' 'kradio' 'kraft' 'krandr' 'krb5' 'krb5-appl-clients' 'krb5-appl-servers' 'krb5-auth-dialog' 'krb5-auth-dialog-lang' 'krb5-client' 'krb5-devel' 'krb5-devel-32bit' 'krb5-doc' 'krb5-mini' 'krb5-mini' 'krb5-mini-devel' 'krb5-plugin-kdb-ldap' 'krb5-plugin-preauth-otp' 'krb5-plugin-preauth-pkinit' 'krb5-server' 'krb5-ticket-watcher' 'krdc' 'krdc-devel' 'krdc-lang' 'kremotecontrol' 'kremotecontrol-devel' 'krename' 'kreport' 'kreport-devel' 'krfb' 'krfb-lang' 'krita' 'krita-devel' 'krita-lang' 'kross-32bit' 'kross-devel' 'kross-devel-32bit' 'kross-python' 'krunner-devel' 'krunner-devel-32bit' 'krusader' 'krusader' 'krusader-doc' 'kscreenlocker-devel' 'kseg' 'kselftests-kmp-debug' 'kselftests-kmp-default' 'kselftests-kmp-vanilla' 'kservice-32bit' 'kservice-devel' 'kservice-devel-32bit' 'ksh-devel' 'kshisen' 'kshisen-lang' 'kshutdown' 'ksirk' 'ksnakeduel' 'kspaceduel' 'ksquares' 'ksquares-lang' 'kssl' 'kst' 'kst-devel' 'kstars' 'kstars-lang' 'ksystemlog' 'ksystemlog-lang' 'kteatime' 'kteatime-lang' 'kterm' 'ktexteditor' 'ktexteditor-32bit' 'ktexteditor-devel' 'ktexteditor-devel-32bit' 'ktextwidgets-devel' 'ktextwidgets-devel-32bit' 'ktimer' 'ktimer-lang' 'ktnef' 'ktnef-devel' 'ktoblzcheck' 'ktorrent' 'ktouch' 'ktouch-lang' 'ktp-approver' 'ktp-approver-lang' 'ktp-auth-handler' 'ktp-auth-handler-lang' 'ktp-call-ui' 'ktp-call-ui-lang' 'ktp-common-internals' 'ktp-common-internals-devel' 'ktp-common-internals-lang' 'ktp-contact-list' 'ktp-contact-list-lang' 'ktp-contact-runner' 'ktp-contact-runner-lang' 'ktp-desktop-applets' 'ktp-desktop-applets-lang' 'ktp-filetransfer-handler' 'ktp-filetransfer-handler-lang' 'ktp-icons' 'ktp-kded-module' 'ktp-kded-module-lang' 'ktp-send-file' 'ktp-send-file-lang' 'ktp-text-ui' 'ktp-text-ui-lang' 'ktuberling' 'ktuberling-lang' 'kturtle' 'kturtle-lang' 'kubernetes-client' 'kubernetes-common' 'kubernetes-extra' 'kubernetes-master' 'kubernetes-node' 'kubrick' 'kuiviewer' 'kuiviewer-lang' 'kunitconversion-devel' 'kunitconversion-devel-32bit' 'kup-client' 'kup-server' 'kupfer' 'kuser' 'kvazaar' 'kvazaar' 'kvazaar-debuginfo' 'kvazaar-debugsource' 'kvirc' 'kvirc-devel' 'kvirustotal' 'kvirustotal-lang' 'kvkbd' 'kvm_server' 'kvpnc' 'kwallet-devel' 'kwallet-devel-32bit' 'kwalletmanager' 'kwave' 'kwave' 'kwave-lang' 'kwayland-32bit' 'kwayland-devel' 'kwayland-devel-32bit' 'kwayland-integration' 'kwebkitpart' 'kwebkitpart-lang' 'kwidgetsaddons-devel' 'kwidgetsaddons-devel-32bit' 'kwikdisk' 'kwin' 'kwin5-devel' 'kwindowsystem-devel' 'kwindowsystem-devel-32bit' 'kwordquiz' 'kwordquiz-lang' 'kwrite' 'kwrited5' 'kxmlgui-devel' 'kxmlgui-devel-32bit' 'kxmlrpcclient5-devel' 'kxmlrpcclient5-devel-32bit' 'kye' 'kye-data' 'kyotocabinet' 'l-smash' 'l-smash' 'l-smash-devel' 'labplot-kf5' 'labplot-kf5-lang' 'ladspa' 'ladspa-32bit' 'ladspa-AMB' 'ladspa-FIL' 'ladspa-LEET-plugin' 'ladspa-LEET-plugin' 'ladspa-LEET-plugin-debuginfo' 'ladspa-MCP' 'ladspa-REV' 'ladspa-VCO' 'ladspa-WAH' 'ladspa-WAH' 'ladspa-WAH-debuginfo' 'ladspa-WAH-debugsource' 'ladspa-alienwah' 'ladspa-aweight' 'ladspa-aweight' 'ladspa-aweight-debuginfo' 'ladspa-aweight-debugsource' 'ladspa-blepvco' 'ladspa-blop' 'ladspa-bs2b' 'ladspa-bs2b' 'ladspa-bs2b-debuginfo' 'ladspa-bs2b-debugsource' 'ladspa-caps' 'ladspa-clipper' 'ladspa-clipper' 'ladspa-cmt' 'ladspa-devel' 'ladspa-foo-plugins' 'ladspa-foo-plugins' 'ladspa-foo-plugins-debuginfo' 'ladspa-foo-plugins-debugsource' 'ladspa-guitarix' 'ladspa-invada-studio-plugins' 'ladspa-invada-studio-plugins' 'ladspa-lemux' 'ladspa-lemux' 'ladspa-lemux-debuginfo' 'ladspa-lemux-debugsource' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins-debuginfo' 'ladspa-lgv-plugins-debugsource' 'ladspa-matched' 'ladspa-njl' 'ladspa-njl' 'ladspa-njl-debuginfo' 'ladspa-njl-debugsource' 'ladspa-omins' 'ladspa-omins' 'ladspa-omins-debuginfo' 'ladspa-omins-debugsource' 'ladspa-preamp' 'ladspa-pvoc' 'ladspa-sooperlooper' 'ladspa-super-60' 'ladspa-swh-plugins' 'ladspa-tap-plugins' 'ladspa-trigger' 'ladspa-trigger' 'ladspa-vcf' 'ladspa-vlevel' 'ladspa-vocoder' 'ladspa-wasp' 'ladspa-wasp' 'ladspa-wasp-debuginfo' 'ladspa-wasp-debugsource' 'ladspa-wubflip' 'ladspa-wubflip' 'laeqed' 'laf-plugin' 'laf-plugin-javadoc' 'lam' 'lam-32bit' 'lam-devel' 'lame' 'lame-debuginfo' 'lame-debugsource' 'lame-doc' 'lame-mp3rtp' 'lame-mp3rtp-debuginfo' 'lamp_server' 'lapack-devel' 'lapack-devel-32bit' 'lapack-devel-static' 'lapack-man' 'lapacke-devel' 'lapacke-devel-32bit' 'lapacke-devel-static' 'laptop-mode-tools' 'lasem' 'lasem-devel' 'lash' 'lash-devel' 'lastpass-cli' 'laszip-devel' 'laszip-test' 'latencytop' 'latex2html' 'latex2html-doc' 'latex2html-pngicons' 'latex2rtf' 'latexila' 'latrace' 'lazarus' 'lazarus' 'lazarus-debuginfo' 'lazarus-debugsource' 'lbdb' 'lbxproxy' 'lbzip2' 'lcdf-typetools' 'lcms' 'lcms2' 'lcov' 'lcurse' 'ld10k1' 'ld10k1-devel' 'ldapfuse' 'ldapvi' 'ldb-tools' 'ldirectord' 'ldmtool' 'ldns' 'ldns-devel' 'ldtp' 'ldvd' 'ldvd' 'leafnode' 'leafpad' 'ledger' 'ledmon' 'leechcraft' 'leechcraft-advancednotifications' 'leechcraft-aggregator' 'leechcraft-aggregator-bodyfetch' 'leechcraft-aggregator-webaccess' 'leechcraft-anhero' 'leechcraft-auscrie' 'leechcraft-azoth' 'leechcraft-azoth-abbrev' 'leechcraft-azoth-acetamide' 'leechcraft-azoth-adiumstyles' 'leechcraft-azoth-astrality' 'leechcraft-azoth-autoidler' 'leechcraft-azoth-autopaste' 'leechcraft-azoth-birthdaynotifier' 'leechcraft-azoth-chathistory' 'leechcraft-azoth-depester' 'leechcraft-azoth-doc' 'leechcraft-azoth-embedmedia' 'leechcraft-azoth-hili' 'leechcraft-azoth-isterique' 'leechcraft-azoth-juick' 'leechcraft-azoth-keeso' 'leechcraft-azoth-lastseen' 'leechcraft-azoth-metacontacts' 'leechcraft-azoth-modnok' 'leechcraft-azoth-mucommands' 'leechcraft-azoth-murm' 'leechcraft-azoth-nativeemoticons' 'leechcraft-azoth-otroid' 'leechcraft-azoth-rosenthal' 'leechcraft-azoth-shx' 'leechcraft-azoth-standardstyles' 'leechcraft-azoth-vader' 'leechcraft-azoth-velvetbird' 'leechcraft-azoth-woodpecker' 'leechcraft-azoth-xoox' 'leechcraft-azoth-xtazy' 'leechcraft-bittorrent' 'leechcraft-blasq' 'leechcraft-blasq-deathnote' 'leechcraft-blasq-rappor' 'leechcraft-blasq-spegnersi' 'leechcraft-blasq-vangog' 'leechcraft-blogique' 'leechcraft-blogique-hestia' 'leechcraft-blogique-metida' 'leechcraft-certmgr' 'leechcraft-cpuload' 'leechcraft-cstp' 'leechcraft-dbusmanager' 'leechcraft-deadlyrics' 'leechcraft-devel' 'leechcraft-devmon' 'leechcraft-doc' 'leechcraft-dolozhee' 'leechcraft-dumbeep' 'leechcraft-eleeminator' 'leechcraft-fenet' 'leechcraft-fenet-awesome' 'leechcraft-fenet-kwin' 'leechcraft-fenet-openbox' 'leechcraft-gacts' 'leechcraft-glance' 'leechcraft-gmailnotifier' 'leechcraft-harbinger' 'leechcraft-historyholder' 'leechcraft-hotstreams' 'leechcraft-htthare' 'leechcraft-imgaste' 'leechcraft-intermutko' 'leechcraft-kbswitch' 'leechcraft-kinotify' 'leechcraft-knowhow' 'leechcraft-krigstask' 'leechcraft-lackman' 'leechcraft-lastfmscrobble' 'leechcraft-laughty' 'leechcraft-launchy' 'leechcraft-lemon' 'leechcraft-lhtr' 'leechcraft-liznoo' 'leechcraft-lmp' 'leechcraft-lmp-brainslugz' 'leechcraft-lmp-dumbsync' 'leechcraft-lmp-fradj' 'leechcraft-lmp-graffiti' 'leechcraft-lmp-httstream' 'leechcraft-lmp-mp3tunes' 'leechcraft-lmp-mtpsync' 'leechcraft-lmp-potorchu' 'leechcraft-mellonetray' 'leechcraft-monocle' 'leechcraft-monocle-dik' 'leechcraft-monocle-doc' 'leechcraft-monocle-fxb' 'leechcraft-monocle-pdf' 'leechcraft-monocle-postrus' 'leechcraft-monocle-seen' 'leechcraft-musiczombie' 'leechcraft-netstoremanager' 'leechcraft-netstoremanager-googledrive' 'leechcraft-networkmonitor' 'leechcraft-newlife' 'leechcraft-ooronee' 'leechcraft-otlozhu' 'leechcraft-pintab' 'leechcraft-pogooglue' 'leechcraft-popishu' 'leechcraft-poshuku' 'leechcraft-poshuku-autosearch' 'leechcraft-poshuku-cleanweb' 'leechcraft-poshuku-dcac' 'leechcraft-poshuku-fatape' 'leechcraft-poshuku-filescheme' 'leechcraft-poshuku-fua' 'leechcraft-poshuku-keywords' 'leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks' 'leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks-delicious' 'leechcraft-poshuku-onlinebookmarks-readitlater' 'leechcraft-poshuku-qrd' 'leechcraft-poshuku-speeddial' 'leechcraft-qrosp' 'leechcraft-rosenthal' 'leechcraft-sb2' 'leechcraft-scroblibre' 'leechcraft-secman' 'leechcraft-secman-simplestorage' 'leechcraft-seekthru' 'leechcraft-summary' 'leechcraft-sysnotify' 'leechcraft-tabsessionmanager' 'leechcraft-tabslist' 'leechcraft-textogroose' 'leechcraft-touchstreams' 'leechcraft-tpi' 'leechcraft-vgrabber' 'leechcraft-vrooby' 'leechcraft-vtyulc' 'leechcraft-xtazy' 'leechcraft-zalil' 'legion-devel' 'lekha' 'lemonbar' 'lensfun-devel' 'lensfun-doc' 'leptonica' 'leptonica-devel' 'leptonica-tools' 'lessons4lizards_en' 'letshelp-certbot' 'leveldb-devel' 'leveldb-devel-static' 'lftp' 'lhasa' 'lhasa-devel' 'lib++dfb-1_7-1' 'lib++dfb-devel' 'lib3270-5_0' 'lib3270-devel' 'lib3ds-1-3' 'lib3ds-devel' 'lib4ti2-0' 'libAPFEL0' 'libAnalitza5' 'libAppStreamQt-devel' 'libBox2D-devel' 'libBox2D-devel-32bit' 'libBox2D2_3_1' 'libBox2D2_3_1-32bit' 'libBulletFileLoader2_83' 'libBulletInverseDynamicsUtils2_83' 'libBulletWorldImporter2_83' 'libBulletXmlWorldImporter2_83' 'libCGAL10' 'libCharLS1' 'libCoin60' 'libCoin80' 'libCoin80-debuginfo' 'libColPack0' 'libColPack0-32bit' 'libCollage2' 'libCollage2-debuginfo' 'libColorFull0' 'libConvexDecomposition2_83' 'libEMF-devel' 'libEMF-utils' 'libFLAC++6-32bit' 'libFLAC++6-debuginfo' 'libFLAC8-debuginfo' 'libFOX-1_6-0' 'libFS-devel' 'libFS-devel-32bit' 'libFS6' 'libFS6-32bit' 'libField3D1_3' 'libField3D1_3-debuginfo' 'libGIMPACTUtils2_83' 'libGLC-devel' 'libGLC0' 'libGLEW1_13-32bit' 'libGLw-devel' 'libGLw1' 'libGLw1-32bit' 'libGLwM1' 'libGLwM1-32bit' 'libGammu7' 'libGeoIP-devel' 'libGeoIP-devel-32bit' 'libGeoIP1' 'libGeoIP1-32bit' 'libGetDP2_4' 'libGraphicsMagick++-Q16-12' 'libGraphicsMagick++-devel' 'libGraphicsMagick-Q16-3' 'libGraphicsMagick3-config' 'libGraphicsMagickWand-Q16-2' 'libHACD2_83' 'libHBAAPI2' 'libHBAAPI2-devel' 'libHUpnp1' 'libHUpnp1-32bit' 'libHX-devel' 'libHX-devel-32bit' 'libHX28-32bit' 'libHalf11-32bit' 'libHalf12-debuginfo' 'libHepMC4' 'libICE-devel' 'libICE-devel-32bit' 'libICE6-32bit' 'libIDL-2-0' 'libIDL-2-0-32bit' 'libIL1' 'libIccXML-devel' 'libIccXML2' 'libIex-2_1-11-32bit' 'libIex-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libIexMath-2_1-11' 'libIexMath-2_1-11-32bit' 'libIexMath-2_2-12' 'libIexMath-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libIlmImf-Imf_2_1-21-32bit' 'libIlmThread-2_1-11-32bit' 'libIlmThread-2_2-12' 'libIlmThread-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libImath-2_1-11' 'libImath-2_1-11-32bit' 'libImath-2_2-12' 'libImath-2_2-12-debuginfo' 'libIrrlicht1_8' 'libJudy1' 'libKChart2' 'libKDb3-3' 'libKEduVocDocument5' 'libKF5Activities5-32bit' 'libKF5ActivitiesStats1-32bit' 'libKF5Archive5-32bit' 'libKF5Attica5-32bit' 'libKF5Auth5-32bit' 'libKF5Baloo5-32bit' 'libKF5BalooEngine5-32bit' 'libKF5Blog5' 'libKF5Bookmarks5-32bit' 'libKF5CalendarEvents5-32bit' 'libKF5CddbWidgets5' 'libKF5Codecs5-32bit' 'libKF5Completion5-32bit' 'libKF5ConfigCore5-32bit' 'libKF5ConfigGui5-32bit' 'libKF5ConfigWidgets5-32bit' 'libKF5Contacts5-32bit' 'libKF5CoreAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5Crash5-32bit' 'libKF5DBusAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5DNSSD5-32bit' 'libKF5Declarative5-32bit' 'libKF5DocTools5-32bit' 'libKF5Emoticons5-32bit' 'libKF5GlobalAccel5-32bit' 'libKF5GuiAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5I18n5-32bit' 'libKF5IconThemes5-32bit' 'libKF5IdleTime5-32bit' 'libKF5ItemModels5-32bit' 'libKF5ItemViews5-32bit' 'libKF5JS5-32bit' 'libKF5JSApi5-32bit' 'libKF5JobWidgets5-32bit' 'libKF5JsEmbed5-32bit' 'libKF5KCMUtils5-32bit' 'libKF5KDELibs4Support5-32bit' 'libKF5KDGantt2-5' 'libKF5KFace10_0_0' 'libKF5KGeoMap10_0_0' 'libKF5KHtml5-32bit' 'libKF5MediaPlayer5' 'libKF5MediaPlayer5-32bit' 'libKF5ModemManagerQt-devel' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt-devel' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt-devel-32bit' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt6-32bit' 'libKF5NewStuff5-32bit' 'libKF5NewStuffCore5-32bit' 'libKF5Notifications5-32bit' 'libKF5NotifyConfig5-32bit' 'libKF5Parts5-32bit' 'libKF5Plotting5-32bit' 'libKF5Prison5-32bit' 'libKF5Pty5-32bit' 'libKF5QGpgme5' 'libKF5QGpgme5-32bit' 'libKF5QuickAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5Runner5-32bit' 'libKF5Screen7-32bit' 'libKF5Solid5-32bit' 'libKF5SonnetCore5-32bit' 'libKF5SonnetUi5-32bit' 'libKF5Style5-32bit' 'libKF5Su5-32bit' 'libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5-32bit' 'libKF5TextWidgets5-32bit' 'libKF5ThreadWeaver5-32bit' 'libKF5UnitConversion5-32bit' 'libKF5Wallet5-32bit' 'libKF5WebKit5' 'libKF5WebKit5-32bit' 'libKF5WidgetsAddons5-32bit' 'libKF5WindowSystem5-32bit' 'libKF5XmlGui5-32bit' 'libKF5XmlRpcClient5-32bit' 'libKPimGAPIBlogger5' 'libKPimGAPIDrive5' 'libKPimGAPILatitude5' 'libKPimGAPIMaps5' 'libKPropertyCore3-3' 'libKPropertyWidgets3-3' 'libKReport3-3' 'libLASi-devel' 'libLASi1' 'libLHAPDF' 'libLunchbox3' 'libLunchbox3-debuginfo' 'libMagick++-6_Q16-3-32bit' 'libMagick++-devel' 'libMagick++-devel-32bit' 'libMagickCore-6_Q16-1-32bit' 'libMagickWand-6_Q16-1-32bit' 'libMrm4' 'libMrm4-32bit' 'libOIS-1_3_0' 'libOIS-devel' 'libOSC-devel' 'libOSC0' 'libOSC0-debuginfo' 'libOSMesa-devel' 'libOSMesa-devel-32bit' 'libOpenCL1' 'libOpenColorIO1' 'libOpenImageIO1_7' 'libOpenImageIO_Util1_7' 'libOpenSceneGraph-devel' 'libOpenSceneGraph130' 'libOpenThreads-devel' 'libOpenThreads20' 'libOyranosSynnefo-devel' 'libOyranosSynnefo-devel-static' 'libOyranosSynnefo1' 'libQTweetLib1_0' 'libQTweetLib1_0-debuginfo' 'libQgpsmm22' 'libQt4Pas5' 'libQt53DCore-devel' 'libQt53DCore5' 'libQt53DCore5-32bit' 'libQt53DInput-devel' 'libQt53DInput5' 'libQt53DInput5-32bit' 'libQt53DLogic-devel' 'libQt53DLogic5' 'libQt53DLogic5-32bit' 'libQt53DQuick-devel' 'libQt53DQuick5' 'libQt53DQuick5-32bit' 'libQt53DQuickInput-devel' 'libQt53DQuickInput5' 'libQt53DQuickInput5-32bit' 'libQt53DQuickRender-devel' 'libQt53DQuickRender5' 'libQt53DQuickRender5-32bit' 'libQt53DRender-devel' 'libQt53DRender5' 'libQt53DRender5-32bit' 'libQt5Bluetooth5' 'libQt5Bluetooth5-32bit' 'libQt5Bluetooth5-imports' 'libQt5Bootstrap-devel-static' 'libQt5Bootstrap-devel-static-32bit' 'libQt5CLucene5-32bit' 'libQt5Compositor5' 'libQt5Compositor5-32bit' 'libQt5Concurrent-devel' 'libQt5Concurrent-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Concurrent5-32bit' 'libQt5Core-devel' 'libQt5Core-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Core-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Core5-32bit' 'libQt5DBus-devel' 'libQt5DBus-devel-32bit' 'libQt5DBus-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5DBus5-32bit' 'libQt5Designer5-32bit' 'libQt5DesignerComponents5-32bit' 'libQt5Gui-devel' 'libQt5Gui-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Gui-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Gui5-32bit' 'libQt5Help5-32bit' 'libQt5Location5' 'libQt5Location5-32bit' 'libQt5Multimedia5-32bit' 'libQt5Network-devel' 'libQt5Network-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Network-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Network5-32bit' 'libQt5Nfc5' 'libQt5Nfc5-32bit' 'libQt5Nfc5-imports' 'libQt5OpenGL-devel' 'libQt5OpenGL-devel-32bit' 'libQt5OpenGL-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5OpenGL5-32bit' 'libQt5OpenGLExtensions-devel-static' 'libQt5OpenGLExtensions-devel-static-32bit' 'libQt5PlatformHeaders-devel' 'libQt5PlatformSupport-devel-static' 'libQt5PlatformSupport-devel-static-32bit' 'libQt5PlatformSupport-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Positioning5-32bit' 'libQt5PrintSupport-devel' 'libQt5PrintSupport-devel-32bit' 'libQt5PrintSupport-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5PrintSupport5-32bit' 'libQt5Script5-32bit' 'libQt5Sensors5-32bit' 'libQt5SerialPort5-32bit' 'libQt5Sql-devel' 'libQt5Sql-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Sql-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Sql5-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-mysql-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-postgresql' 'libQt5Sql5-postgresql-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-sqlite-32bit' 'libQt5Sql5-unixODBC' 'libQt5Sql5-unixODBC-32bit' 'libQt5Svg5-32bit' 'libQt5Test-devel' 'libQt5Test-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Test-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Test5-32bit' 'libQt5WaylandClient5' 'libQt5WaylandClient5-32bit' 'libQt5WebChannel5-32bit' 'libQt5WebKit-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5WebKit5-32bit' 'libQt5WebKit5-devel' 'libQt5WebKit5-devel-32bit' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets-devel' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets-devel-32bit' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets5-32bit' 'libQt5WebSockets5' 'libQt5WebSockets5-32bit' 'libQt5WebSockets5-imports' 'libQt5Widgets-devel' 'libQt5Widgets-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Widgets-private-headers-devel' 'libQt5Widgets5-32bit' 'libQt5X11Extras5-32bit' 'libQt5Xdg2' 'libQt5XdgIconLoader-devel' 'libQt5XdgIconLoader2' 'libQt5Xml-devel' 'libQt5Xml-devel-32bit' 'libQt5Xml5-32bit' 'libQt5XmlPatterns5-32bit' 'libQtAV1-debuginfo' 'libQtAVWidgets1-debuginfo' 'libQtAssistantClient4' 'libQtAssistantClient4-32bit' 'libQtQuick5-32bit' 'libQtSolutions_SOAP-2_7-1' 'libQtSolutions_SOAP-2_7-1-32bit' 'libQtWebKit-devel' 'libQtWebKit4-32bit' 'libRaTools0' 'libRivet-2_5_2' 'libSDL-devel' 'libSDL-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2-devel' 'libSDL2-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_gfx-1_0-0' 'libSDL2_gfx-1_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_gfx-devel' 'libSDL2_gfx-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_image-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_image-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_image-devel' 'libSDL2_image-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_mixer-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_mixer-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_mixer-devel' 'libSDL2_mixer-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_net-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_net-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_net-devel' 'libSDL2_net-devel-32bit' 'libSDL2_ttf-2_0-0' 'libSDL2_ttf-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL2_ttf-devel' 'libSDL2_ttf-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_Pango-devel' 'libSDL_Pango-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_Pango1' 'libSDL_Pango1-32bit' 'libSDL_bgi-devel' 'libSDL_bgi0' 'libSDL_gfx-devel' 'libSDL_gfx-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_gfx15-32bit' 'libSDL_image-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL_image-devel' 'libSDL_image-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_mixer-1_2-0' 'libSDL_mixer-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL_mixer-devel' 'libSDL_mixer-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_net-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL_net-devel' 'libSDL_net-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_sound-1_0-1-32bit' 'libSDL_sound-devel' 'libSDL_sound-devel-32bit' 'libSDL_ttf-2_0-0' 'libSDL_ttf-2_0-0-32bit' 'libSDL_ttf-devel' 'libSDL_ttf-devel-32bit' 'libSDLmm-0_1-8' 'libSDLmm-0_1-8-32bit' 'libSDLmm-devel' 'libSDLmm-devel-32bit' 'libSHERPA-MC-config' 'libSHERPA-MC0' 'libSM-devel' 'libSM-devel-32bit' 'libSM6-32bit' 'libSOIL-devel' 'libSOIL1' 'libSPIRV-Tools-1_1' 'libSampleICC-devel' 'libSampleICC1' 'libSimGearCore-2017_1_2' 'libSoQt20' 'libSoQt20-debuginfo' 'libSoundTouch0-32bit' 'libSwiften3' 'libUil4' 'libUil4-32bit' 'libX11-devel-32bit' 'libXNVCtrl' 'libXNVCtrl' 'libXRes1-32bit' 'libXScrnSaver-devel' 'libXScrnSaver-devel-32bit' 'libXTrap-devel' 'libXTrap-devel-32bit' 'libXTrap6' 'libXTrap6-32bit' 'libXau-devel-32bit' 'libXaw-devel' 'libXaw-devel-32bit' 'libXaw3d-devel' 'libXaw3d-devel-32bit' 'libXaw3d6' 'libXaw3d6-32bit' 'libXaw3d7' 'libXaw3d7-32bit' 'libXaw3d8' 'libXaw3d8-32bit' 'libXaw3dXft' 'libXaw3dXft-debugsource' 'libXaw3dxft-devel' 'libXaw3dxft8' 'libXaw3dxft8-debuginfo' 'libXaw6' 'libXaw6-32bit' 'libXaw7-32bit' 'libXaw8' 'libXaw8-32bit' 'libXbgi-devel' 'libXbgi1' 'libXcm-devel' 'libXcm0' 'libXcmDDC0' 'libXcmEDID0' 'libXcmX11-0' 'libXcomposite-devel' 'libXcomposite-devel-32bit' 'libXcursor' 'libXcursor-devel' 'libXcursor-devel-32bit' 'libXdamage-devel-32bit' 'libXdmcp-devel' 'libXdmcp-devel-32bit' 'libXevie-devel' 'libXevie-devel-32bit' 'libXevie1' 'libXevie1-32bit' 'libXext-devel-32bit' 'libXfixes-devel-32bit' 'libXfont' 'libXfont-devel' 'libXfont-devel-32bit' 'libXfont1-32bit' 'libXfont2-2' 'libXfont2-2-32bit' 'libXfont2-devel' 'libXfont2-devel-32bit' 'libXfontcache-devel' 'libXfontcache-devel-32bit' 'libXfontcache1-32bit' 'libXft-devel-32bit' 'libXi' 'libXi-devel' 'libXi-devel-32bit' 'libXinerama-devel' 'libXinerama-devel-32bit' 'libXiterm-devel' 'libXiterm1' 'libXm4' 'libXm4-32bit' 'libXmu-devel' 'libXmu-devel-32bit' 'libXmu6-32bit' 'libXmuu1-32bit' 'libXp-devel' 'libXp-devel-32bit' 'libXp6' 'libXp6-32bit' 'libXpm-devel' 'libXpm-devel-32bit' 'libXpm-tools' 'libXprintAppUtil-devel' 'libXprintAppUtil-devel-32bit' 'libXprintAppUtil1' 'libXprintAppUtil1-32bit' 'libXprintUtil-devel' 'libXprintUtil-devel-32bit' 'libXprintUtil1' 'libXprintUtil1-32bit' 'libXrandr-devel' 'libXrandr-devel-32bit' 'libXrender-devel-32bit' 'libXres-devel' 'libXres-devel-32bit' 'libXss1-32bit' 'libXt-devel' 'libXt-devel-32bit' 'libXt6-32bit' 'libXtst-devel' 'libXtst-devel-32bit' 'libXtst6-32bit' 'libXv-devel' 'libXv-devel-32bit' 'libXv1-32bit' 'libXvMC-devel' 'libXvMC-devel-32bit' 'libXvMC1' 'libXvMC1-32bit' 'libXvMC_nouveau' 'libXvMC_nouveau-32bit' 'libXvMC_r600' 'libXvMC_r600-32bit' 'libXvnc-devel' 'libXxf86dga-devel' 'libXxf86dga-devel-32bit' 'libXxf86dga1' 'libXxf86dga1-32bit' 'libXxf86misc-devel' 'libXxf86misc-devel-32bit' 'libXxf86misc1-32bit' 'libXxf86vm-devel-32bit' 'libYODA-1_6_5' 'liba52-0-32bit' 'liba52-0-debuginfo' 'liba52-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'liba52-devel' 'libaa1-32bit' 'libaacs' 'libaacs-debugsource' 'libaacs-devel' 'libaacs0' 'libaacs0-debuginfo' 'libaal-1_0-6' 'libaal-devel' 'libaal-devel-static' 'libaal-minimal0' 'libabigail-devel' 'libabigail-tools' 'libabigail0' 'libabiword-3_0' 'libabiword-3_0-devel' 'libabw-devel' 'libabw-devel-doc' 'libabw-tools' 'libaccounts-glib-devel' 'libaccounts-glib-docs' 'libaccounts-glib-tools' 'libaccounts-glib0-32bit' 'libaccounts-qt5-devel' 'libaccounts-qt5-doc' 'libaccounts-qt5-tools' 'libaccountsservice0' 'libacl-devel' 'libacl-devel-32bit' 'libacr38ucontrol0' 'libada48' 'libada48-32bit' 'libada5' 'libada5-32bit' 'libada6' 'libada6-32bit' 'libada7' 'libada7-32bit' 'libadns-devel' 'libadns-devel-32bit' 'libadns1-32bit' 'libadolc2' 'libadolc2-32bit' 'libaften-devel' 'libaften0' 'libaften0-debuginfo' 'libagg2' 'libagg2-32bit' 'libaio-devel-32bit' 'libaio1-32bit' 'libairspy0' 'libakonadi4-32bit' 'libakonadiprotocolinternals-devel' 'libakonadiprotocolinternals1-32bit' 'libalac-devel' 'libalac0' 'libalkimia-devel' 'libalkimia4' 'liballeg-devel' 'liballeg4_4' 'liballeg4_4-32bit' 'liballeggl-devel' 'liballeggl4_4' 'liballeggl4_4-32bit' 'libalut0' 'libalut0-32bit' 'libamrnb-devel' 'libamrnb3' 'libamrnb3-debuginfo' 'libamrwb-devel' 'libamrwb3' 'libamrwb3-debuginfo' 'libangelscript-2_29_2' 'libanjuta-3-0' 'libantlr3c-3_4' 'libao-devel' 'libao-plugins4-32bit' 'libao4-32bit' 'libap4-1_5_0r615' 'libap4-1_5_0r615-debuginfo' 'libapparmor1-32bit' 'libappindicator-devel' 'libappindicator-doc' 'libappindicator1' 'libappindicator3-1' 'libappindicator3-devel' 'libappstream-builder8' 'libappstream-glib8' 'libapr-util1' 'libapr-util1-dbd-mysql' 'libapr-util1-dbd-pgsql' 'libapr-util1-dbd-sqlite3' 'libapr-util1-devel' 'libapr1-devel' 'libarchive-devel' 'libarchive13-32bit' 'libargon2-0' 'libargtable2-0' 'libargtable2-devel' 'libaria2-0' 'libarmadillo7' 'libarmadillo7-32bit' 'libarpack2' 'libarpack2-32bit' 'libarpec0' 'libart_lgpl-devel-32bit' 'libart_lgpl_2-2-32bit' 'libasan0-32bit' 'libasan2' 'libasan2-32bit' 'libasan3' 'libasan3-32bit' 'libasan4' 'libasan4-32bit' 'libasm-devel' 'libasm1-32bit' 'libasn1c-devel' 'libasn1c0' 'libaspell15-32bit' 'libass-devel' 'libass5-32bit' 'libassuan-devel' 'libassuan0-32bit' 'libasyncns-devel' 'libasyncns0' 'libatalk16' 'libatasmart-devel' 'libatasmart-utils' 'libathemecore1' 'libatk-bridge-2_0-0-32bit' 'libatkmm-1_6-1-32bit' 'libatlascpp-0_6-1' 'libatomic1-32bit' 'libatomic1-gcc48' 'libatomic1-gcc48-32bit' 'libatomic1-gcc5' 'libatomic1-gcc5-32bit' 'libatomic1-gcc6' 'libatomic1-gcc6-32bit' 'libatomic_ops-devel' 'libatomicparsley0' 'libatrildocument3' 'libatrilview3' 'libatspi0-32bit' 'libattica-devel' 'libattica-devel-32bit' 'libattica0_4-32bit' 'libattr-devel' 'libattr-devel-32bit' 'libattr-devel-static' 'libaubio-devel' 'libaubio4' 'libaubio4-32bit' 'libaudclient-devel' 'libaudclient2' 'libaudclient2' 'libaudclient2-debuginfo' 'libaudclient2-debugsource' 'libaudcore4' 'libaudcore4-debuginfo' 'libaudgui4' 'libaudgui4-debuginfo' 'libaudqt1' 'libaudqt1-debuginfo' 'libaudtag3' 'libaudtag3-debuginfo' 'libaugeas0-32bit' 'libauparse0-32bit' 'libautotrace3' 'libavahi-devel' 'libavahi-glib-devel' 'libavahi-glib1-32bit' 'libavahi-gobject-devel' 'libavahi-qt4-1' 'libavahi-qt4-devel' 'libavahi-ui-gtk3-0' 'libavahi-ui0' 'libavc1394' 'libavc1394-0-32bit' 'libavc1394-devel' 'libavc1394-devel-32bit' 'libavcodec-2.8-devel' 'libavcodec-3.2-devel' 'libavcodec-devel' 'libavcodec56-32bit' 'libavcodec56-debuginfo' 'libavcodec56-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavcodec57-32bit' 'libavcodec57-debuginfo' 'libavcodec57-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavdevice-2.8-devel' 'libavdevice-3.2-devel' 'libavdevice-devel' 'libavdevice56' 'libavdevice56-32bit' 'libavdevice56-debuginfo' 'libavdevice56-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavdevice57-32bit' 'libavdevice57-debuginfo' 'libavdevice57-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavfilter-2.8-devel' 'libavfilter-3.2-devel' 'libavfilter-devel' 'libavfilter5' 'libavfilter5-32bit' 'libavfilter5-debuginfo' 'libavfilter5-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavfilter6-32bit' 'libavfilter6-debuginfo' 'libavfilter6-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavformat-2.8-devel' 'libavformat-3.2-devel' 'libavformat-devel' 'libavformat56-32bit' 'libavformat56-debuginfo' 'libavformat56-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavformat57-32bit' 'libavformat57-debuginfo' 'libavformat57-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavfs0' 'libavifile-devel' 'libaviplay-0_7-0' 'libaviplay-0_7-0-debuginfo' 'libavogadro1' 'libavogadro1-32bit' 'libavogadrolibs-suse0' 'libavresample-2.8-devel' 'libavresample-3.2-devel' 'libavresample-devel' 'libavresample2' 'libavresample2-32bit' 'libavresample2-debuginfo' 'libavresample2-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavresample3-32bit' 'libavresample3-debuginfo' 'libavresample3-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavutil-2.8-devel' 'libavutil-3.2-devel' 'libavutil-devel' 'libavutil54-32bit' 'libavutil54-debuginfo' 'libavutil54-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavutil55-32bit' 'libavutil55-debuginfo' 'libavutil55-debuginfo-32bit' 'libavxsynth0' 'libavxsynth0-debuginfo' 'libb64' 'libb64-0' 'libb64-devel' 'libbamf3-2' 'libbase-javadoc' 'libbasicobjects-devel' 'libbasicobjects-devel-32bit' 'libbasicobjects0' 'libbasicobjects0-32bit' 'libbcc0' 'libbctoolbox-tester0' 'libbctoolbox-tester0-32bit' 'libbctoolbox-tester0-debuginfo' 'libbctoolbox0' 'libbctoolbox0-32bit' 'libbctoolbox0-debuginfo' 'libbcunit1' 'libbcunit1-32bit' 'libbde-devel' 'libbde-tools' 'libbde1' 'libbdplus' 'libbdplus-debugsource' 'libbdplus-devel' 'libbdplus0' 'libbdplus0-debuginfo' 'libbeecrypt-devel' 'libbeecrypt6' 'libbelcard1' 'libbelcard1-32bit' 'libbellesip0' 'libbellesip0-debuginfo' 'libbelr1' 'libbelr1-32bit' 'libbenchmark0' 'libbfio-devel' 'libbfio1' 'libbiblesync1_1' 'libbinio-devel' 'libbinio1' 'libbinio1' 'libbinio1-debuginfo' 'libbinio1-debugsource' 'libbitcoinconsensus-devel' 'libbitcoinconsensus0' 'libbitmask-devel' 'libbitmask1' 'libblacs2-openmpi' 'libblacs2-openmpi-devel' 'libblacs2-openmpi-devel-static' 'libbladeRF1' 'libblas3-32bit' 'libblitz0' 'libblkid-devel-32bit' 'libblkid-devel-static' 'libblkid1-32bit' 'libblosc1' 'libbluetooth3-32bit' 'libbluray-bdj' 'libbluray-devel' 'libbluray-tools' 'libbluray2-32bit' 'libbml-devel' 'libbml1' 'libbml1-debuginfo' 'libboinc7' 'libbonobo' 'libbonobo-32bit' 'libbonobo-devel' 'libbonobo-doc' 'libbonobo-lang' 'libbonoboui' 'libbonoboui-32bit' 'libbonoboui-devel' 'libbonoboui-doc' 'libbonoboui-lang' 'libbonoboui-tools' 'libboost_atomic1_54_0' 'libboost_atomic1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_atomic1_58_0' 'libboost_atomic1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_atomic1_61_0' 'libboost_atomic1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_chrono1_54_0' 'libboost_chrono1_58_0' 'libboost_chrono1_61_0' 'libboost_container1_58_0' 'libboost_container1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_container1_61_0' 'libboost_container1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_context1_54_0' 'libboost_context1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_context1_58_0' 'libboost_context1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_context1_61_0' 'libboost_context1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_coroutine1_58_0' 'libboost_coroutine1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_coroutine1_61_0' 'libboost_coroutine1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_date_time1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_date_time1_58_0' 'libboost_date_time1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_date_time1_61_0' 'libboost_date_time1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_filesystem1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_filesystem1_58_0' 'libboost_filesystem1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_filesystem1_61_0' 'libboost_filesystem1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph1_54_0' 'libboost_graph1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph1_58_0' 'libboost_graph1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph1_61_0' 'libboost_graph1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_54_0' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_58_0' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_61_0' 'libboost_graph_parallel1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_iostreams1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_iostreams1_58_0' 'libboost_iostreams1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_iostreams1_61_0' 'libboost_iostreams1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_locale1_54_0' 'libboost_locale1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_locale1_58_0' 'libboost_locale1_61_0' 'libboost_log1_54_0' 'libboost_log1_58_0' 'libboost_log1_61_0' 'libboost_math1_54_0' 'libboost_math1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_math1_58_0' 'libboost_math1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_math1_61_0' 'libboost_math1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_mpi1_54_0' 'libboost_mpi1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_mpi1_58_0' 'libboost_mpi1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_mpi1_61_0' 'libboost_mpi1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_program_options1_54_0' 'libboost_program_options1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_program_options1_58_0' 'libboost_program_options1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_program_options1_61_0' 'libboost_program_options1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_python1_54_0' 'libboost_python1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_python1_58_0' 'libboost_python1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_python1_61_0' 'libboost_python1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_python3-1_61_0' 'libboost_random1_54_0' 'libboost_random1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_random1_58_0' 'libboost_random1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_random1_61_0' 'libboost_random1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_regex1_54_0' 'libboost_regex1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_regex1_58_0' 'libboost_regex1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_regex1_61_0' 'libboost_regex1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_serialization1_54_0' 'libboost_serialization1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_serialization1_58_0' 'libboost_serialization1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_serialization1_61_0' 'libboost_serialization1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_signals1_54_0' 'libboost_signals1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_signals1_58_0' 'libboost_signals1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_signals1_61_0' 'libboost_signals1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_system1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_system1_58_0' 'libboost_system1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_system1_61_0' 'libboost_system1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_test1_54_0' 'libboost_test1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_test1_58_0' 'libboost_test1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_test1_61_0' 'libboost_test1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_thread1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_thread1_58_0' 'libboost_thread1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_thread1_61_0' 'libboost_thread1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_timer1_54_0' 'libboost_timer1_58_0' 'libboost_timer1_61_0' 'libboost_type_erasure1_61_0' 'libboost_type_erasure1_61_0-32bit' 'libboost_wave1_54_0' 'libboost_wave1_54_0-32bit' 'libboost_wave1_58_0' 'libboost_wave1_58_0-32bit' 'libboost_wave1_61_0' 'libboost_wave1_61_0-32bit' 'libbotan-1_10-1' 'libbotan-1_10-1-32bit' 'libbotan-devel' 'libbotan-devel-32bit' 'libbraille' 'libbraille-devel' 'libbraille-fake' 'libbrasero-burn3-1' 'libbrasero-media3-1' 'libbrasero-utils3-1' 'libbrlapi0_6' 'libbrotli-devel' 'libbrotlidec0' 'libbrotlienc0' 'libbs2b' 'libbs2b-devel' 'libbs2b-devel-32bit' 'libbs2b0-32bit' 'libbs2b0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libbsd-ctor-static' 'libbsd-devel' 'libbsd0' 'libbtf-1_2_1' 'libbtrfs-devel' 'libbullet-devel' 'libbullet2_83' 'libburn-devel' 'libbuzztrax-core-devel' 'libbuzztrax-core1' 'libbuzztrax-core1-debuginfo' 'libbuzztrax-gst-devel' 'libbuzztrax-gst1' 'libbuzztrax-gst1-debuginfo' 'libbuzztrax-ic-devel' 'libbuzztrax-ic1' 'libbuzztrax-ic1-debuginfo' 'libbz2-devel-32bit' 'libbzrtp0' 'libbzrtp0-32bit' 'libbzrtp0-debuginfo' 'libc-client2007e_suse' 'libcaca-devel' 'libcaca-python' 'libcaca-ruby' 'libcaca0-32bit' 'libcaca0-plugins' 'libcaca0-plugins-32bit' 'libcacard' 'libcacard-devel' 'libcacard0' 'libcaes-devel' 'libcaes1' 'libcairo-gobject2-32bit' 'libcairo-script-interpreter2-32bit' 'libcairomm-1_0-1-32bit' 'libcaja-extension1' 'libcamel-1_2-57' 'libcamel-1_2-57-32bit' 'libcamel-1_2-59' 'libcamel-1_2-59-32bit' 'libcamgm-devel' 'libcamgm-devel-32bit' 'libcamgm100' 'libcamgm100-32bit' 'libcanberra-devel' 'libcanberra-gtk-devel' 'libcanberra-gtk3-0-32bit' 'libcanberra-gtk3-devel' 'libcanberra-gtk3-module-32bit' 'libcantorlibs17' 'libcap-devel' 'libcap-ng-devel' 'libcap-ng-utils' 'libcap-ng0-32bit' 'libcap-progs' 'libcap1' 'libcap1-32bit' 'libcapi20-2' 'libcapi20-2-32bit' 'libcapifax-devel' 'libcapifax0' 'libcapifax0-debuginfo' 'libcares-devel' 'libcares2' 'libcares2-32bit' 'libcaribou0' 'libcblas3' 'libcblas3-32bit' 'libccaudio2-1_0-0' 'libccaudio2-1_0-0-32bit' 'libccrtp3' 'libccscript3-1_1-0' 'libcdata-devel' 'libcdata1' 'libcdatetime-devel' 'libcdatetime1' 'libcdaudio-devel' 'libcdaudio1' 'libcdaudio1-32bit' 'libcdd0' 'libcdda_interface0-32bit' 'libcdda_paranoia0-32bit' 'libcddb-devel' 'libcddb-utils' 'libcddb2-32bit' 'libcdio++0' 'libcdio++0-32bit' 'libcdio-devel' 'libcdio-paranoia-devel' 'libcdio16-32bit' 'libcdio_cdda2-32bit' 'libcdio_paranoia2-32bit' 'libcdirectory-devel' 'libcdirectory1' 'libcdk5' 'libcdr' 'libcdr-devel' 'libcdr-devel-doc' 'libcdr-tools' 'libcec' 'libcec-debugsource' 'libcec-devel' 'libcec3' 'libcec4' 'libcec4-debuginfo' 'libcelt-devel' 'libcelt0-2-32bit' 'libcelt051-0' 'libcephfs-devel' 'libcephfs2' 'libcerf-devel' 'libcerf1' 'libcerror-devel' 'libcerror1' 'libcetcd0' 'libcfile-devel' 'libcfile1' 'libcfitsio5' 'libcgroup-devel' 'libcgroup-tools' 'libcgroup1' 'libcgroup1-32bit' 'libchamplain-0_12-0' 'libchamplain-devel' 'libchardet-devel' 'libchardet1' 'libchardet1-32bit' 'libchck0' 'libcheck0' 'libcheck0-32bit' 'libcheese-common' 'libcheese-gtk25' 'libcheese8' 'libchewing-devel' 'libchewing3' 'libchewing3-32bit' 'libchipcard' 'libchipcard-devel' 'libchipcard6' 'libchm0-32bit' 'libchromaprint-devel' 'libchromaprint1-32bit' 'libchromaprint1-debuginfo' 'libcilkrts5' 'libcilkrts5-32bit' 'libcilkrts5-gcc5' 'libcilkrts5-gcc5-32bit' 'libcilkrts5-gcc6' 'libcilkrts5-gcc6-32bit' 'libcinnamon-control-center1' 'libcinnamon-desktop-data' 'libcinnamon-desktop-data-branding-openSUSE' 'libcinnamon-desktop-data-branding-upstream' 'libcinnamon-desktop-devel' 'libcinnamon-desktop-lang' 'libcinnamon-desktop4' 'libcinnamon-desktop4-32bit' 'libcinnamon-menu-3-0' 'libcinnamon-menu-3-0-32bit' 'libcinnamon-menu-3-devel' 'libcjs0' 'libcjs0-32bit' 'libclang-32bit' 'libclastfm-devel' 'libclastfm0' 'libclaw-devel' 'libclaw-doc' 'libclaw1' 'libclc' 'libcld2-0' 'libclocale-devel' 'libclocale1' 'libcloog-isl4-32bit' 'libclucene-core1-32bit' 'libclucene-shared1-32bit' 'libclucene-unstable-devel' 'libclucene-unstable-devel-static' 'libclucene-unstable1' 'libclucene-unstable1-debuginfo' 'libclutter-1_0-0-32bit' 'libclutter-gst-2_0-0' 'libclutter-gst-2_0-0-32bit' 'libclutter-gst-3_0-0-32bit' 'libclutter-gtk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libcmark0_27_1' 'libcmis-c-0_5-5' 'libcmis-c-devel' 'libcmis-devel' 'libcmocka-devel' 'libcmocka-devel-32bit' 'libcmocka-devel-static' 'libcmocka0' 'libcmocka0-32bit' 'libcmpiCppImpl0' 'libcmpiutil' 'libcmpiutil-devel' 'libcmuclmtk-devel' 'libcmuclmtk0' 'libcnotify-devel' 'libcnotify1' 'libcodec2-0_6' 'libcogl-gles2-20' 'libcogl-pango20-32bit' 'libcogl20-32bit' 'libcollectdclient-devel' 'libcollectdclient1' 'libcollection-devel' 'libcollection-devel-32bit' 'libcollection4' 'libcollection4-32bit' 'libcolm-0_13_0_3' 'libcolorblind0' 'libcolord-devel' 'libcolord-gtk-devel' 'libcolord-gtk1' 'libcolord-gtk1-32bit' 'libcolord2-32bit' 'libcolorhug2' 'libcom_err-devel-32bit' 'libcommoncpp2-1_8-0' 'libcompizconfig' 'libcompizconfig-devel' 'libconfig++-devel' 'libconfig++9' 'libconfig++9-32bit' 'libconfig-devel' 'libconfig9' 'libconfig9-32bit' 'libconfuse-devel' 'libcorosync-devel' 'libcorosync4' 'libcorosync4-32bit' 'libcourier-unicode1' 'libcpath-devel' 'libcpath1' 'libcppdb0' 'libcppdb_mysql0' 'libcppdb_odbc0' 'libcppdb_postgresql0' 'libcppdb_sqlite3-0' 'libcpprest2_6' 'libcppunit-1_13-0' 'libcppunit-1_13-0-32bit' 'libcppunit-1_14-0' 'libcppunit-1_14-0-32bit' 'libcpuid-devel' 'libcpuid-tools' 'libcpuid14' 'libcpuset-devel' 'libcpuset1' 'libcreaterepo_c-devel' 'libcreaterepo_c0' 'libcriu1' 'libcroco' 'libcroco-0_6-3-32bit' 'libcroco-devel' 'libcryptmount-devel' 'libcryptmount0' 'libcryptmount0-32bit' 'libcrypto41' 'libcrypto41-32bit' 'libcryptopp-5_6_2-0' 'libcryptopp-5_6_2-0-32bit' 'libcryptopp-devel' 'libcryptopp-devel-static' 'libcryptsetup-devel' 'libcryptsetup4-32bit' 'libcryptsetup4-hmac' 'libcryptsetup4-hmac-32bit' 'libcryptui-data' 'libcryptui-devel' 'libcryptui-lang' 'libcryptui0' 'libcrystalhd-devel' 'libcrystalhd-devel-32bit' 'libcrystalhd3' 'libcrystalhd3-32bit' 'libcsparsever-3_1_4' 'libcsplit-devel' 'libcsplit1' 'libcss-devel' 'libcss0' 'libcstring-devel' 'libcstring1' 'libcsv-devel' 'libcsv3' 'libcsync-devel' 'libcsync-devel-doc' 'libcsync-doc' 'libcsync-plugin-owncloud' 'libcsync-plugin-sftp' 'libcsync-plugin-smb' 'libcsync0' 'libcsync0-32bit' 'libcsystem-devel' 'libcsystem1' 'libctemplate-devel' 'libctemplate3' 'libcthreads-devel' 'libcthreads1' 'libctl-devel' 'libctl-doc' 'libctl5' 'libcudd0' 'libcue-devel' 'libcunit1' 'libcurl-devel' 'libcurl-devel-32bit' 'libcvc-devel' 'libcvc0' 'libcwiid-devel' 'libcwiid-devel-32bit' 'libcwiid1' 'libcwiid1-32bit' 'libcwnn0' 'libcxsc2' 'libcxsparse-3_1_4' 'libcxx-gtk-utils-3-2_2-0' 'libcxx-gtk-utils-3-devel' 'libcxxtools-bin9' 'libcxxtools-http9' 'libcxxtools-json9' 'libcxxtools-unit9' 'libcxxtools-xmlrpc9' 'libcxxtools9' 'libczmq3' 'libd0_blind_id0' 'libd0_rijndael0' 'libdSFMT2_2' 'libdaemon-devel' 'libdar-devel' 'libdar5000' 'libdat2-2' 'libdat2-2-32bit' 'libdataquay-devel' 'libdataquay0' 'libdatrie-devel' 'libdb-4_5' 'libdb-4_5' 'libdb-4_5-32bit' 'libdb-4_5-devel' 'libdb-4_5-devel-32bit' 'libdb-4_8' 'libdb-4_8-devel-32bit' 'libdb_java-4_5' 'libdb_java-4_5' 'libdb_java-4_5-devel' 'libdb_java-4_8' 'libdb_java-4_8' 'libdb_java-4_8-devel' 'libdbevolution0' 'libdbevolution0-debuginfo' 'libdbh2' 'libdbi-devel' 'libdbi-devel-32bit' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-freetds' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-mysql' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-pgsql' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-sqlite' 'libdbi-drivers-dbd-sqlite3' 'libdbi3' 'libdbi3-32bit' 'libdbus-1-qt3-0' 'libdbus-1-qt3-0-32bit' 'libdbus-1-qt3-0-devel' 'libdbus-c++-1-0' 'libdbus-c++-1-0-32bit' 'libdbus-c++-devel' 'libdbus-c++-glib-1-0' 'libdbus-c++-glib-1-0-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-glib-devel' 'libdbusmenu-glib-doc' 'libdbusmenu-glib4' 'libdbusmenu-gtk-devel' 'libdbusmenu-gtk-doc' 'libdbusmenu-gtk3-4' 'libdbusmenu-gtk3-devel' 'libdbusmenu-gtk4' 'libdbusmenu-jsonloader-devel' 'libdbusmenu-jsonloader4' 'libdbusmenu-qt-devel' 'libdbusmenu-qt2-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-2-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-devel' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-devel-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-tools' 'libdc1394' 'libdc1394-22-32bit' 'libdc1394-devel' 'libdca-devel' 'libdca0-32bit' 'libdca0-debuginfo' 'libdca0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libdcadec-devel' 'libdcadec0' 'libdcadec0-32bit' 'libdcadec0-debuginfo' 'libdcadec0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libdcaenc-devel' 'libdcaenc0' 'libdcaenc0-debuginfo' 'libdccore0' 'libdccore0-debuginfo' 'libdcerpc-devel' 'libdcerpc-samr-devel' 'libdcerpc-samr0' 'libdcerpc-samr0-32bit' 'libdcmtk3_6' 'libdconf1-32bit' 'libdcwebservice0' 'libdcwebservice0-debuginfo' 'libddccontrol0' 'libdecoration0' 'libdecoration0-32bit' 'libdee-1_0-4' 'libdevil-tools' 'libdhash-devel' 'libdhash-devel-32bit' 'libdhash1' 'libdhash1-32bit' 'libdirac_decoder0' 'libdirac_decoder0-32bit' 'libdirac_encoder0' 'libdirac_encoder0-32bit' 'libdirectfb-1_7-1' 'libdirectfb-1_7-1-32bit' 'libdiscid-devel' 'libdiscid0-32bit' 'libdjconsole' 'libdjconsole-debugsource' 'libdjconsole-devel' 'libdjconsole0' 'libdjconsole0-debuginfo' 'libdjvulibre-devel' 'libdleyna-core-1_0-4' 'libdlm' 'libdlm-devel' 'libdlm3' 'libdm0' 'libdm0-32bit' 'libdmapsharing-3_0-2' 'libdmapsharing-3_0-2-32bit' 'libdmapsharing-devel' 'libdmmp-devel' 'libdmmp0_1_0' 'libdmtx-devel' 'libdmtx0-32bit' 'libdmx-devel' 'libdmx-devel-32bit' 'libdmx1' 'libdmx1-32bit' 'libdnet-devel' 'libdnet1' 'libdns_sd' 'libdns_sd-32bit' 'libdotconf0' 'libdouble-conversion1' 'libdriveio0' 'libdrm-devel-32bit' 'libdrm-tools' 'libdrumstick-alsa1' 'libdrumstick-devel' 'libdrumstick-doc' 'libdrumstick-file1' 'libdtkbase-devel' 'libdtkbase1' 'libdtkutil-devel' 'libdtkutil1' 'libdtkwidget-devel' 'libdtkwidget1' 'libdui-devel' 'libdui1' 'libdv' 'libdv-devel' 'libdv4-32bit' 'libdvbpsi-0-devel' 'libdvbpsi-devel' 'libdvbpsi10-32bit' 'libdvbpsi7' 'libdvbpsi7-32bit' 'libdvbv5-0' 'libdvbv5-0-32bit' 'libdvbv5-0-lang' 'libdvbv5-devel' 'libdvdnav-devel' 'libdvdnav4-32bit' 'libdvdplay-devel' 'libdvdplay0' 'libdvdplay0' 'libdvdplay0-debuginfo' 'libdvdplay0-debugsource' 'libdvdread-devel' 'libdvdread3' 'libdvdread3' 'libdvdread3-debuginfo' 'libdvdread3-debugsource' 'libdvdread3-devel' 'libdvdread4-32bit' 'libdw-devel' 'libdw1-32bit' 'libdwarf' 'libdwarf-devel' 'libdwarf-doc' 'libdwarf-tools' 'libdwarves-devel' 'libdwarves-devel-32bit' 'libdwarves1' 'libdwarves1-32bit' 'libdxflib1' 'libdxfrw-devel' 'libdxfrw-tools' 'libdxfrw0' 'libe-book-devel' 'libe-book-devel-doc' 'libe-book-tools' 'libeXosip2' 'libeXosip2-11' 'libeXosip2-devel' 'libeb16' 'libebackend-1_2-10' 'libebackend-1_2-10-32bit' 'libebl-devel' 'libebl1' 'libebl1-32bit' 'libebml' 'libebml-devel' 'libebml4-32bit' 'libebook-1_2-16' 'libebook-1_2-16-32bit' 'libebook-contacts-1_2-2' 'libebook-contacts-1_2-2-32bit' 'libebur128-1' 'libebur128-1-debuginfo' 'libebur128-devel' 'libecal-1_2-19' 'libecal-1_2-19-32bit' 'libecasound-devel' 'libechonest-devel' 'libechonest-qt5-devel' 'libechonest2_3' 'libechonest2_3-32bit' 'libechonest5-2_3' 'libechonest5-2_3-32bit' 'libecm0' 'libecore1' 'libecpg6' 'libecpg6-32bit' 'libector1' 'libedata-book-1_2-25' 'libedata-book-1_2-25-32bit' 'libedata-cal-1_2-28' 'libedata-cal-1_2-28-32bit' 'libedataserver-1_2-21' 'libedataserver-1_2-21-32bit' 'libedataserver-1_2-22' 'libedataserver-1_2-22-32bit' 'libedataserverui-1_2-1' 'libedataserverui-1_2-1-32bit' 'libedit-devel' 'libeditorconfig-devel' 'libeditorconfig-devel-32bit' 'libeditorconfig0-32bit' 'libedje1' 'libee-devel' 'libee0' 'libeet1' 'libeews-1_2-0' 'libeeze1' 'libefl1' 'libefreet1' 'libefreet_mime1' 'libefreet_trash1' 'libegbb3' 'libegbb3' 'libegbb3-debuginfo' 'libegbb3-debugsource' 'libegbb3-devel' 'libeigen2-devel' 'libeina1' 'libeio1' 'libeldbus1' 'libelektra-augeas' 'libelektra-devel' 'libelektra-devel-doc' 'libelektra4' 'libelf-devel' 'libelf-devel-32bit' 'libelf0-32bit' 'libelf0-devel' 'libell0' 'libelocation1' 'libelpa2' 'libelua1' 'libembryo1' 'libemile1' 'libemotion1' 'libenca0-32bit' 'libenchant1-32bit' 'libenet7' 'libeo1' 'libeolian1' 'libeot-devel' 'libeot-tools' 'libepc-1_0-2' 'libepc-devel' 'libepc-lang' 'libephysics1' 'libepoxy-devel' 'libepoxy0-32bit' 'libeppic-devel' 'libepub-devel' 'libepub0-32bit' 'libepubgen' 'libepubgen-0_0-0' 'libepubgen-devel' 'libepubgen-devel-doc' 'libequalizer180' 'libequalizer180-debuginfo' 'liberasurecode-devel' 'liberasurecode1' 'liberation2-fonts' 'liberfa1' 'libesd-devel' 'libesedb-devel' 'libesedb-tools' 'libesedb1' 'libesmtp-devel' 'libestr-devel' 'libestr0' 'libethumb1' 'libethumb_client1' 'libetonyek' 'libetonyek-devel' 'libetonyek-devel-doc' 'libetonyek-tools' 'libetpan' 'libetpan-devel' 'libetpan17' 'libetrophy0' 'libev-devel' 'libev4-32bit' 'libevas1' 'libevdev-devel' 'libevdev-tools' 'libevdev2-32bit' 'libevemu3' 'libevent' 'libevent-2_0-5-32bit' 'libevt-devel' 'libevt-tools' 'libevt1' 'libevtlog-devel' 'libevtlog0' 'libevtx-devel' 'libevtx-tools' 'libevtx1' 'libewf-devel' 'libewf-tools' 'libewf2' 'libewsutils0' 'libexe-devel' 'libexe-tools' 'libexe1' 'libexempi-devel' 'libexempi3-32bit' 'libexif' 'libexif-devel' 'libexif-gtk' 'libexif-gtk-devel' 'libexif-gtk5' 'libexiv2-14-32bit' 'libexiv2-devel' 'libexo-1-0' 'libexo-1-0-branding-openSUSE' 'libexo-1-0-branding-upstream' 'libexoIIv2c-5_14_0' 'libexoIIv2for-5_14_0' 'libexpat-devel-32bit' 'libexpat0' 'libexpat0-32bit' 'libexplain-devel' 'libexplain51' 'libext2fs-devel-32bit' 'libext2fs2-32bit' 'libextractor-devel' 'libextractor3' 'libextractor3-debuginfo' 'libextractor_common1' 'libextractor_common1-debuginfo' 'libexttextcat-devel' 'libexttextcat-tools' 'libf2fs1' 'libf2fs_format0' 'libf95getdata2' 'libfaac-devel' 'libfaac0-32bit' 'libfaac0-debuginfo' 'libfaac0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libfaad-devel' 'libfaad2-32bit' 'libfaad2-debuginfo' 'libfaad2-debuginfo-32bit' 'libfabric' 'libfabric-devel' 'libfabric1' 'libfakekey-devel' 'libfaketime' 'libfallocate-devel' 'libfallocate-devel-static' 'libfallocate0' 'libfame-0_9-1' 'libfame-0_9-1' 'libfame-0_9-1-debuginfo' 'libfame-0_9-1-debugsource' 'libfame-devel' 'libfann-devel' 'libfann2' 'libfarstream-0_1-0' 'libfarstream-0_1-0-debuginfo' 'libfarstream-0_2-5-32bit' 'libfastjet0' 'libfastjson-devel' 'libfastjson4' 'libfaxutil5_5_8' 'libfaxutil5_5_9' 'libfbclient2' 'libfbclient2-32bit' 'libfbclient2-devel' 'libfbembed-devel' 'libfbembed2_5' 'libfcache-devel' 'libfcache1' 'libfcitx-4_2_9' 'libfcitx-4_2_9-32bit' 'libfdata-devel' 'libfdata1' 'libfdatetime-devel' 'libfdatetime1' 'libfdisk-devel' 'libfdisk-devel-static' 'libfdk-aac1-32bit' 'libfdk-aac1-debuginfo' 'libfdk-aac1-debuginfo-32bit' 'libfdt-devel' 'libfdt-devel-32bit' 'libfdt1' 'libfdt1-32bit' 'libffado-devel' 'libffado2' 'libffado2-32bit' 'libffi-devel-gcc5' 'libffi-devel-gcc5-32bit' 'libffi4-gcc48' 'libffi4-gcc48-32bit' 'libffi48' 'libffi48-devel' 'libffi48-devel-32bit' 'libffmpegthumbnailer-devel' 'libffmpegthumbnailer4' 'libffmpegthumbnailer4-debuginfo' 'libffms2-4' 'libffms2-4-32bit' 'libffms2-4-debuginfo' 'libffms2-4-debuginfo-32bit' 'libffms2-devel' 'libfftw3-3-32bit' 'libfftw3_mpi3' 'libfftw3_mpi3-32bit' 'libfftw3_omp3' 'libfftw3_omp3-32bit' 'libfftw3_threads3-32bit' 'libfgetdata2' 'libfguid-devel' 'libfguid1' 'libfifechan0_1_4' 'libfifechan_allegro0_1_4' 'libfifechan_irrlicht0_1_4' 'libfifechan_opengl0_1_4' 'libfifechan_sdl0_1_4' 'libfilezilla-devel' 'libfilezilla0' 'libfipscheck1-32bit' 'libfishsound' 'libfishsound-debugsource' 'libfishsound-devel' 'libfishsound1' 'libfishsound1-debuginfo' 'libfityk4' 'libflatpak0' 'libfli-devel' 'libfli1' 'libflickcurl-devel' 'libflickcurl0' 'libflickcurl0-32bit' 'libflint0' 'libfltk1-32bit' 'libfluidsynth1-32bit' 'libfm' 'libfm-devel' 'libfm-doc' 'libfm-extra-devel' 'libfm-extra4' 'libfm-gtk-devel' 'libfm-gtk4' 'libfm-lang' 'libfm-qt-devel' 'libfm-qt-lang' 'libfm-qt3' 'libfm4' 'libfmapi-devel' 'libfmapi1' 'libfole-devel' 'libfole1' 'libfolks-data' 'libfolks-eds25' 'libfolks-telepathy25' 'libfolks-tracker25' 'libfolks25' 'libfontenc-devel' 'libfontenc-devel-32bit' 'libfontenc1-32bit' 'libfonts-javadoc' 'libformula-javadoc' 'libfparser-4_5_2' 'libfplll-devel' 'libfplll0' 'libfpm_pb0' 'libfprint-devel' 'libfprint-examples' 'libfprint0' 'libfprint0-32bit' 'libframe6' 'libfreefare-devel' 'libfreefare-tools' 'libfreefare0' 'libfreehand-devel' 'libfreehand-devel-doc' 'libfreehand-tools' 'libfreeimage3' 'libfreeimageplus3' 'libfreerdp2' 'libfreetds' 'libfreexl1' 'libfsntfs-devel' 'libfsntfs-tools' 'libfsntfs1' 'libfstrm0' 'libftdi1' 'libftdi1-binding-python' 'libftdi1-devel' 'libftgl2-32bit' 'libfunambol-devel' 'libfunambol9' 'libfuse2-32bit' 'libfuzzy-devel' 'libfuzzy2' 'libfvalue-devel' 'libfvalue1' 'libfvde-devel' 'libfvde-tools' 'libfvde1' 'libfwevt-devel' 'libfwevt1' 'libfwnt-devel' 'libfwnt1' 'libfwsi-devel' 'libfwsi1' 'libfwup0' 'libgadu-devel' 'libgames-support-devel' 'libgames-support-lang' 'libgames-support2' 'libgamin-1-0' 'libgamin-1-0-32bit' 'libgaminggear' 'libgaminggear-devel' 'libgaminggear-lang' 'libgaminggear0' 'libgaminggearfx0' 'libgaminggearwidget0' 'libgarcon-1-0' 'libgarcon-branding-openSUSE' 'libgarcon-branding-upstream' 'libgarcon-data' 'libgarcon-devel' 'libgarcon-doc' 'libgarcon-lang' 'libgasnet-1_28_2' 'libgavl-devel' 'libgavl1' 'libgbm-devel' 'libgbm-devel-32bit' 'libgcc_s1-gcc48' 'libgcc_s1-gcc48-32bit' 'libgcc_s1-gcc5' 'libgcc_s1-gcc5-32bit' 'libgcc_s1-gcc6' 'libgcc_s1-gcc6-32bit' 'libgcin-im-client1' 'libgcin-im-client1-32bit' 'libgcj48' 'libgcj48-32bit' 'libgcj48-devel-32bit' 'libgck-1-0-32bit' 'libgck-devel' 'libgck-devel-32bit' 'libgconfmm-2_6-1' 'libgcr-3-1-32bit' 'libgcr-devel' 'libgcr-devel-32bit' 'libgcrypt' 'libgcrypt-cavs' 'libgcrypt-devel' 'libgcrypt-devel-32bit' 'libgcrypt20-hmac' 'libgcrypt20-hmac-32bit' 'libgda-5_0-4' 'libgda-5_0-4-lang' 'libgda-5_0-bdb' 'libgda-5_0-devel' 'libgda-5_0-doc' 'libgda-5_0-firebird' 'libgda-5_0-jdbc' 'libgda-5_0-ldap' 'libgda-5_0-mdb' 'libgda-5_0-mysql' 'libgda-5_0-postgres' 'libgda-5_0-sqlcipher' 'libgda-5_0-sqlite' 'libgda-5_0-tools' 'libgda-5_0-web' 'libgda-report-5_0-4' 'libgda-tools' 'libgda-ui-5_0-4' 'libgda-ui-5_0-plugins' 'libgda-ui-5_0-tools' 'libgda-xslt-5_0-4' 'libgdal20' 'libgdata-devel' 'libgdata22-32bit' 'libgdict-1_0-10' 'libgdict-data' 'libgdict-devel' 'libgdiplus-devel' 'libgdl-3-5' 'libgdlmm-3_0-2' 'libgdm1' 'libgeany0' 'libgeda-devel' 'libgeda42' 'libgeda42-data' 'libgee-0_8-2' 'libgee-0_8-2-32bit' 'libgee-devel' 'libgee06-devel' 'libgee2' 'libgegl-0_3-0' 'libgeis1' 'libgeis1-32bit' 'libgeoclue-devel' 'libgeoclue0' 'libgeoclue0-32bit' 'libgeocode-glib0' 'libgeocode-glib0-32bit' 'libgeotiff2' 'libgerbv1' 'libges-1_0-0' 'libgetdata++3' 'libgetdata5' 'libgexiv2-2' 'libgexiv2-devel' 'libgf2x1' 'libgfan-0_5' 'libgfan-devel' 'libgfapi0' 'libgfbgraph-0_2-0' 'libgfchangelog0' 'libgfortran3-32bit' 'libgfortran3-gcc48' 'libgfortran3-gcc48-32bit' 'libgfortran3-gcc5' 'libgfortran3-gcc5-32bit' 'libgfortran4' 'libgfortran4-32bit' 'libgfrpc0' 'libgfxdr0' 'libggz2' 'libggz2-devel' 'libgif6-32bit' 'libgig' 'libgig-debugsource' 'libgig-devel' 'libgig-devel-debuginfo' 'libgig-tools' 'libgig-tools-debuginfo' 'libgig7' 'libgig7-debuginfo' 'libgimp-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgimpui-2_0-0-32bit' 'libginac-devel' 'libginac5' 'libgio-fam' 'libgio-fam-32bit' 'libgiomm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libgirara-gtk3-2' 'libgirepository-1_0-1-32bit' 'libgit2-24-32bit' 'libgit2-devel' 'libgit2-glib-1_0-0' 'libgit2-glib-devel' 'libgitg-1_0-0' 'libgitg-devel' 'libgitg-ext-1_0-0' 'libgivaro0' 'libgjs-devel' 'libgl2ps1' 'libglade-2_0-0-32bit' 'libglade2-devel' 'libglade2-doc' 'libglademm' 'libglademm-2_4-1' 'libglademm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libglademm-devel' 'libgladeui-1-11' 'libgladeui-1-devel' 'libgladeui-2-6' 'libgladeui-2-devel' 'libgle-devel' 'libgle3' 'libglfw-devel' 'libglfw2' 'libglfw3' 'libglibmm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libglog0' 'libgloox15' 'libgloox15-32bit' 'libgloox15-debuginfo' 'libglpk36' 'libgltf' 'libgltf-devel' 'libglue-devel' 'libglue-devel-32bit' 'libglue2' 'libglue2-32bit' 'libglusterfs0' 'libglut3-32bit' 'libglyr1' 'libglyr1-32bit' 'libgme-devel' 'libgme0-32bit' 'libgmerlin-devel' 'libgmerlin0' 'libgmerlin0-debuginfo' 'libgmerlin_avdec-devel' 'libgmerlin_avdec1' 'libgmerlin_avdec1-debuginfo' 'libgmerlin_gtk-devel' 'libgmerlin_gtk0' 'libgmerlin_gtk0-debuginfo' 'libgmm++-devel' 'libgmpxx4-32bit' 'libgnome' 'libgnome-32bit' 'libgnome-autoar-0-0' 'libgnome-autoar-gtk-0-0' 'libgnome-bluetooth13' 'libgnome-desktop-2-17' 'libgnome-desktop-2-17-32bit' 'libgnome-desktop-2-devel' 'libgnome-desktop-3-12-32bit' 'libgnome-desktop-3-devel' 'libgnome-devel' 'libgnome-keyring-devel' 'libgnome-keyring0-32bit' 'libgnome-lang' 'libgnome-menu-3-0' 'libgnome-menu-3-0-32bit' 'libgnomecanvas-2-0' 'libgnomecanvas-2-0-32bit' 'libgnomecanvas-devel' 'libgnomecanvas-lang' 'libgnomecups' 'libgnomecups-32bit' 'libgnomecups-devel' 'libgnomecups-lang' 'libgnomekbd' 'libgnomekbd-devel' 'libgnomekbd-lang' 'libgnomeprint' 'libgnomeprint-32bit' 'libgnomeprint-devel' 'libgnomeprint-doc' 'libgnomeprint-lang' 'libgnomeprintui' 'libgnomeprintui-32bit' 'libgnomeprintui-devel' 'libgnomeprintui-doc' 'libgnomeprintui-lang' 'libgnomesu' 'libgnomesu-devel' 'libgnomesu-lang' 'libgnomesu0' 'libgnomeui' 'libgnomeui-32bit' 'libgnomeui-devel' 'libgnomeui-doc' 'libgnomeui-lang' 'libgnunet' 'libgnunet-debuginfo' 'libgnuradio-3_7_10-0_0_0' 'libgnutls-devel-32bit' 'libgnutls-openssl-devel' 'libgnutls-openssl27' 'libgnutlsxx-devel' 'libgnutlsxx28' 'libgo11' 'libgo11-32bit' 'libgo7' 'libgo7-32bit' 'libgo9' 'libgo9-32bit' 'libgoa-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgoa-backend-1_0-1-32bit' 'libgoffice-0_10-10' 'libgoffice-0_8-8' 'libgom-1_0-0' 'libgomp1-32bit' 'libgomp1-gcc48' 'libgomp1-gcc48-32bit' 'libgomp1-gcc5' 'libgomp1-gcc5-32bit' 'libgomp1-gcc6' 'libgomp1-gcc6-32bit' 'libgoocanvas-2_0-9' 'libgoocanvas3' 'libgoocanvas3-devel' 'libgoocanvas3-lang' 'libgoocanvasmm-2_0-6' 'libgoocanvasmm-devel' 'libgooglepinyin-devel' 'libgooglepinyin0' 'libgovirt-devel' 'libgovirt-lang' 'libgovirt2' 'libgpac-devel' 'libgpac6' 'libgpaste6' 'libgpg-error-devel' 'libgpg-error-devel-32bit' 'libgpgme-devel' 'libgpgme11-32bit' 'libgpgmepp-devel' 'libgpgmepp6-32bit' 'libgphoto2-devel' 'libgphoto2-devel-32bit' 'libgphoto2-devel-doc' 'libgphoto2-doc' 'libgpod-devel' 'libgpod-doc' 'libgpod4-32bit' 'libgpusd1' 'libgpusd1-debuginfo' 'libgrail6' 'libgranite3' 'libgrantlee_core0' 'libgrantlee_gui0' 'libgravatar-devel' 'libgrilo-0_3-0' 'libgrlnet-0_3-0' 'libgrlpls-0_3-0' 'libgromacs2' 'libgroove-devel' 'libgroove4' 'libgroove4-debuginfo' 'libgroovefingerprinter-devel' 'libgroovefingerprinter4' 'libgroovefingerprinter4-debuginfo' 'libgrooveloudness-devel' 'libgrooveloudness4' 'libgrooveloudness4-debuginfo' 'libgrooveplayer-devel' 'libgrooveplayer4' 'libgrooveplayer4-debuginfo' 'libgrss-devel' 'libgrss0' 'libgsasl-devel' 'libgsasl-lang' 'libgsasl7' 'libgsf-1-114-32bit' 'libgsf-devel' 'libgsf-tools' 'libgsignon-glib-devel' 'libgsignon-glib-doc' 'libgsignon-glib1' 'libgsignon-glib1-32bit' 'libgsignond-common0' 'libgsignond-common0-32bit' 'libgsm-devel' 'libgsm-devel-32bit' 'libgsm-utils' 'libgsmsd7' 'libgsoap-2_8_46' 'libgsound0' 'libgspell-1-1' 'libgssdp-1_0-3-32bit' 'libgssdp-devel' 'libgssglue-devel' 'libgssglue1' 'libgssglue1-32bit' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstapp-0_10-0' 'libgstapp-0_10-0-32bit' 'libgstapp-0_10-0-debuginfo' 'libgstapp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstapp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstapp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstbasevideo-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstcodecparsers-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstfft-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstfft-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstfft-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstgl-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstgl-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstgl-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstinsertbin-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstinterfaces-0_10-0' 'libgstinterfaces-0_10-0-32bit' 'libgstinterfaces-0_10-0-debuginfo' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstphotography-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstplayer-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstreamer-0_10-0' 'libgstreamer-0_10-0-32bit' 'libgstreamer-0_10-0-debuginfo' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstriff-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstriff-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstriff-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstrtspserver-1_0-0' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstsignalprocessor-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgsttag-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgsttag-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgsttranscoder-1_0-0' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstvalidate-1_0-0' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23-32bit' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23-debuginfo' 'libgstvdp-0_10-23-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstvdpau' 'libgstvdpau-32bit' 'libgstvdpau-debuginfo' 'libgstvdpau-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libgstwayland-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgsystem-devel' 'libgsystem0' 'libgt-devel' 'libgtbase0' 'libgtest0' 'libgthread-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgthttp0' 'libgtk-3-0-32bit' 'libgtk-vnc-1_0-0' 'libgtk-vnc-2_0-0' 'libgtkdatabox-0_9_1-3' 'libgtkdatabox-devel' 'libgtkglext-x11-1_0-0' 'libgtkglext-x11-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgtkhex-3-0' 'libgtkhotkey-devel' 'libgtkhotkey1' 'libgtkhtml-4_0-0' 'libgtkhtml-4_0-0-32bit' 'libgtkhtml-editor-4_0-0' 'libgtkhtml-editor-4_0-0-32bit' 'libgtkimageview0' 'libgtkmm-2_4-1-32bit' 'libgtkmm-3_0-1' 'libgtkmm-3_0-1-32bit' 'libgtkpod1' 'libgtksourceview-2_0-0' 'libgtksourceviewmm-3_0-0' 'libgtkspell3-3-0' 'libgtop-2_0-10' 'libgtop-2_0-10-32bit' 'libgtop-devel' 'libgtop-doc' 'libgtop-lang' 'libgtpng0' 'libgtpnl-devel' 'libgtpnl0' 'libgts-0_7-5' 'libgucharmap_2_90-7' 'libgudev-1_0-devel' 'libguess-devel' 'libguess1' 'libguess1-32bit' 'libguestfs-devel' 'libguestfs-test' 'libguestfs0' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-1-v-3-3' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-13-14-v-3-3' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-4-v-3-3' 'libguile-srfi-srfi-60-v-2-2' 'libguile1-devel' 'libguile17' 'libguilereadline-v-17-17' 'libguilereadline-v-18-18' 'libgupnp-1_0-4-32bit' 'libgupnp-av-1_0-2' 'libgupnp-av-devel' 'libgupnp-devel' 'libgupnp-dlna-2_0-3' 'libgupnp-dlna-backend-gstreamer' 'libgupnp-dlna-devel' 'libgupnp-igd-1_0-4-32bit' 'libgupnp-igd-devel' 'libgupnp-ui-1_0-0' 'libgupnp-ui-devel' 'libgusb-devel' 'libgusb2' 'libgviewaudio-2_0-2' 'libgviewaudio-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgviewencoder-2_0-2' 'libgviewencoder-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgviewrender-2_0-2' 'libgviewrender-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgviewv4l2core-2_0-2' 'libgviewv4l2core-2_0-2-debuginfo' 'libgvnc-1_0-0' 'libgvncpulse-1_0-0' 'libgweather-3-6' 'libgweather-3-6-32bit' 'libgweather-data' 'libgweather-devel' 'libgweather-lang' 'libgwengui-gtk2-0' 'libgwengui-qt4-0' 'libgwenhywfar60' 'libgwenhywfar60-plugins' 'libgxps-devel' 'libgxps-tools' 'libgxw0' 'libgypsy-devel' 'libgypsy0-32bit' 'libh323-1_26_5' 'libhangul-devel' 'libhangul1' 'libhangul1-32bit' 'libharfbuzz-icu0-32bit' 'libharminv2' 'libharu-2_2_1' 'libharu-devel' 'libhbalinux2' 'libhbalinux2-devel' 'libhdf4-32bit' 'libhdf4-openmpi' 'libhdf4-openmpi-32bit' 'libhdf5-10-32bit' 'libhdf5-10-openmpi' 'libhdf5-10-openmpi-32bit' 'libhdf5_hl10-32bit' 'libhdf5_hl10-openmpi' 'libhdf5_hl10-openmpi-32bit' 'libhdhomerun' 'libhdhomerun-debugsource' 'libhdhomerun-devel' 'libhdhomerun1' 'libhdhomerun20150826' 'libhdhomerun20150826-debuginfo' 'libheimdal' 'libheimdal' 'libheimdal-devel' 'libhidapi-devel' 'libhidapi-hidraw0' 'libhidapi-libusb0' 'libhiredis0_12' 'libhivex0' 'libhmac-devel' 'libhmac-tools' 'libhmac1' 'libhowl0' 'libhttp-parser-suse0-32bit' 'libhttrack2' 'libhubbub-devel' 'libhubbub-doc' 'libhubbub0' 'libhugetlbfs' 'libhugetlbfs-32bit' 'libhugetlbfs-libhugetlb-devel' 'libhwloc5' 'libhwsd2' 'libhwsd2-debuginfo' 'libhydrogen-core-devel' 'libhyphen0-32bit' 'libibcm1' 'libibcm1-32bit' 'libibdm1' 'libibmad-devel' 'libibmad-devel-32bit' 'libibmad5' 'libibmad5-32bit' 'libibnetdisc5' 'libibumad3' 'libibumad3-32bit' 'libibus-1_0-5-32bit' 'libibverbs' 'libibverbs-32bit' 'libibverbs-utils' 'libibverbs1' 'libibverbs1-32bit' 'libica-1_3_9' 'libica-1_3_9-32bit' 'libical' 'libical-devel' 'libical-devel-static' 'libical-doc' 'libical-glib-1_0-0' 'libical-glib-devel' 'libical1-32bit' 'libicecream-devel' 'libicns1' 'libicns1-devel' 'libicu-devel-32bit' 'libicu-doc' 'libicu52_1-32bit' 'libid3tag' 'libid3tag-devel' 'libid3tag0-32bit' 'libidl-devel' 'libidmef-devel' 'libidmef1' 'libidn-devel' 'libidn-tools' 'libidn2' 'libidn2-0' 'libidn2-0-32bit' 'libidn2-devel' 'libidn2-tools' 'libido3-0_1-0' 'libido3-0_1-0-32bit' 'libiec61883' 'libiec61883-32bit' 'libiec61883-devel' 'libieee1284-devel' 'libiksemel3' 'libilbc0' 'libimaevm0' 'libimobiledevice-devel' 'libimobiledevice6-32bit' 'libindi' 'libindi-devel' 'libindi-plugins' 'libindiAlignmentDriver1' 'libindicator-devel' 'libindicator3-7' 'libindicator3-devel' 'libindicator7' 'libindidriver1' 'libinfinipath4' 'libinfinipath4-32bit' 'libinfinity-1_0-0' 'libinfinity-devel' 'libinfinity-lang' 'libini_config-devel' 'libini_config-devel-32bit' 'libini_config5' 'libini_config5-32bit' 'libiniparser-devel' 'libiniparser0-32bit' 'libinjeqt1' 'libinotifytools0' 'libinput-devel' 'libinput-tools' 'libinput10-32bit' 'libinvm-cim1' 'libinvm-cli1' 'libinvm-i18n1' 'libiodbc-devel' 'libiodbc3' 'libipa_hbac-devel' 'libipa_hbac0' 'libiperf0' 'libipq-devel' 'libipq0' 'libipset3' 'libiptc-devel' 'libiptcdata-devel' 'libiptcdata-doc' 'libircclient-devel' 'libircclient-doc' 'libircclient1' 'libirman-devel' 'libirman-utils' 'libirman0' 'libirrecord0' 'libiscsi-devel' 'libiscsi-test' 'libiscsi-utils' 'libiscsi7' 'libisds' 'libisds-devel' 'libisds5' 'libisl10-32bit' 'libiso9660-10-32bit' 'libisoburn-devel' 'libisofs-devel' 'libiterm-devel' 'libiterm1' 'libitm1-32bit' 'libitm1-gcc48' 'libitm1-gcc48-32bit' 'libitm1-gcc5' 'libitm1-gcc5-32bit' 'libitm1-gcc6' 'libitm1-gcc6-32bit' 'libivykis0' 'libiw-devel' 'libixion-devel' 'libixion-python3' 'libixion-tools' 'libixpdimm-cim01' 'libixpdimm-cli01' 'libixpdimm-core01' 'libixpdimm01' 'libjack-devel' 'libjack0-32bit' 'libjackasyn' 'libjackasyn-32bit' 'libjansson-devel' 'libjansson4' 'libjansson4-32bit' 'libjasper-devel' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-3_0-0' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-3_0-0-32bit' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-4_0-18-32bit' 'libjaylink' 'libjaylink-devel' 'libjaylink0' 'libjbig-devel' 'libjbig-devel-32bit' 'libjbig2dec0' 'libjbig2dec0-32bit' 'libjd0' 'libjemalloc2' 'libjim0_75' 'libjnidispatch' 'libjoschy-devel' 'libjoschy0' 'libjoschy0-debuginfo' 'libjpeg-turbo' 'libjpeg62-32bit' 'libjpeg62-devel' 'libjpeg62-devel-32bit' 'libjpeg62-turbo' 'libjpeg62-turbo' 'libjpeg8-devel' 'libjpeg8-devel-32bit' 'libjpegxr0' 'libjpgalleg-devel' 'libjpgalleg4_4' 'libjpgalleg4_4-32bit' 'libjq-devel' 'libjreen-devel' 'libjreen-qt5-1' 'libjreen-qt5-devel' 'libjreen1' 'libjsmn0' 'libjson-c-devel' 'libjson-c-doc' 'libjson-glib-1_0-0-32bit' 'libjsoncpp1' 'libjsoncpp11' 'libjsoncpp11-debuginfo' 'libjte-devel' 'libjte1' 'libjxrglue0' 'libkactivities-devel' 'libkactivities6-32bit' 'libkate-devel' 'libkate-tools' 'libkate1-32bit' 'libkatepartinterfaces4' 'libkcapi' 'libkcapi-devel' 'libkcapi-tools' 'libkcapi0' 'libkcarchiver0' 'libkcarchivercore0' 'libkcddb' 'libkcddb-devel' 'libkcddb-lang' 'libkcddb4-devel' 'libkcfreebusy0' 'libkchart-lang' 'libkchl0' 'libkcicalmapi0' 'libkcinetmapi0' 'libkcmapi0' 'libkcompactdisc-devel' 'libkcompactdisc4-devel' 'libkcserver0' 'libkcsoap0' 'libkcssl0' 'libkcsync0' 'libkcutil0' 'libkdcraw-devel' 'libkde4-32bit' 'libkde4-devel' 'libkdecoration2-devel' 'libkdecoration2-devel-32bit' 'libkdecorations2-5-32bit' 'libkdecorations2private5-32bit' 'libkdecore4-32bit' 'libkdecore4-devel' 'libkdegames-devel' 'libkdegames4-devel' 'libkdepim-devel' 'libkdepimlibs4-32bit' 'libkdepimlibs4-devel' 'libkdevplatform10' 'libkdevplatform4-devel' 'libkdevplatform8' 'libkdstatemachineeditor_core1_2_0' 'libkdstatemachineeditor_view1_2_0' 'libkdumpfile-devel' 'libkdumpfile0' 'libkeduvocdocument-devel' 'libkeduvocdocument-lang' 'libkexiv2-devel' 'libkeybinder-3_0-0' 'libkeybinder0' 'libkface' 'libkface-devel' 'libkfbapi-devel' 'libkfbapi-lang' 'libkfbapi1' 'libkgapi-devel' 'libkgeomap' 'libkgeomap-devel' 'libkgeomap-lang' 'libkipi-devel' 'libkkc-devel' 'libkkc2' 'libkkc2-32bit' 'libkleo-devel' 'libklfbackend-devel' 'libklfbackend-qt3-3_2' 'libklfbackend-qt3-devel' 'libklfbackend3_2' 'libklftools-devel' 'libklftools3_2' 'libklu-1_3_3' 'libkmahjongg-devel' 'libkmahjongg4' 'libkmahjongg4-devel' 'libkmahjongglib4' 'libkmod-devel' 'libkms-devel' 'libkms-devel-32bit' 'libkms1-32bit' 'libkolab-devel' 'libkolab-qt5-devel' 'libkolab0' 'libkolabxml-devel' 'libkomparediff2-devel' 'libkonkretcmpi0' 'libkpathsea6' 'libkpmcore4' 'libkqoauth-devel' 'libkqoauth0' 'libkqoauth0-32bit' 'libksane-devel' 'libksba-devel' 'libkscreen' 'libkscreen-devel' 'libkscreen1' 'libkscreen2-devel' 'libkscreen2-devel-32bit' 'libkscreen2-plugin-32bit' 'libksi-devel' 'libksi1' 'libksieve-devel' 'libksuseinstall-devel' 'libksuseinstall1-32bit' 'libksysguard5-32bit' 'libksysguard5-devel' 'libksysguard5-devel-32bit' 'libktoblzcheck1' 'libktoblzcheck1-devel' 'libktorrent' 'libktorrent-devel' 'libkvazaar-devel' 'libkvazaar3' 'libkvazaar3-debuginfo' 'libkvkontakte-devel' 'libkvkontakte-lang' 'libkvkontakte1' 'libkwalletbackend5-5-32bit' 'libkwnn0' 'libkyotocabinet-devel' 'libkyotocabinet16' 'liblangtag-devel' 'liblangtag-doc' 'liblapack3-32bit' 'liblapacke3' 'liblapacke3-32bit' 'liblasem-0_4-4' 'liblash1-32bit' 'liblastfm-devel' 'liblastfm-qt5-devel' 'liblastfm5-1' 'liblastfm5-1-32bit' 'liblastfm_fingerprint5-1' 'liblastfm_fingerprint5-1-32bit' 'liblaszip6' 'liblayout-javadoc' 'liblazy-devel' 'liblazy1' 'liblazy1-32bit' 'liblbxutil-devel' 'liblbxutil-devel-32bit' 'liblbxutil1' 'liblbxutil1-32bit' 'liblcms-devel' 'liblcms-devel-32bit' 'liblcms1-32bit' 'liblcms2-devel' 'liblcms2-devel-32bit' 'liblcms2-doc' 'libldapcpp-devel' 'libldb-devel' 'libldl-2_2_1' 'libldm-1_0-0' 'libldm-1_0-0-devel' 'libldns1' 'libleechcraft-util-db0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-gui0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-models0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-network0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-qml0_6_75_2' 'libleechcraft-util-shortcuts0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-sll0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-svcauth0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-sys0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-tags0_6_75_1' 'libleechcraft-util-threads0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-x11-0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-xdg0_6_75' 'libleechcraft-util-xpc0_6_75_2' 'libleechcraft-util-xsd0_6_75' 'liblegion1' 'liblept4' 'liblept4-32bit' 'libleveldb1' 'liblhasa0' 'liblibkremotecontrol1' 'liblightdm-gobject-1-0' 'liblightdm-qt-3-0' 'liblightdm-qt5-3-0' 'liblightgrep-devel' 'liblightgrep0' 'liblilv-0-0-32bit' 'liblilv-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'liblilv-0-devel' 'liblinebreak-devel' 'liblinuxsampler-devel' 'liblinuxsampler4' 'liblinuxsampler4-debuginfo' 'liblirc0' 'liblirc0-32bit' 'liblirc_client0-32bit' 'liblirc_driver0' 'liblirc_driver0-32bit' 'liblittleb0' 'libliveMedia-devel' 'liblldp_clif1' 'liblldpctl4' 'liblmdb-0_9_14-32bit' 'liblmicclogger1' 'liblnk-devel' 'liblnk-tools' 'liblnk1' 'liblo-devel' 'liblo7' 'liblo7-32bit' 'libloader-javadoc' 'libloadpng-devel' 'libloadpng4_4' 'libloadpng4_4-32bit' 'liblog4c-devel' 'liblog4c-doc' 'liblog4c3' 'liblog4c3-32bit' 'liblog4cplus-1_1-5' 'liblog4cpp5' 'liblog4cpp5-debuginfo' 'liblog4shib-devel' 'liblog4shib1' 'liblogg-devel' 'liblogg4_4' 'liblogg4_4-32bit' 'liblogging-devel' 'liblogging0' 'liblognorm-devel' 'liblognorm5' 'libloki-devel' 'libloki-doc' 'libloki0_1_7' 'liblouis' 'liblouis-data' 'liblouis-devel' 'liblouis-doc' 'liblouis-tools' 'liblouis9' 'liblqr-1-0-32bit' 'liblqr-devel' 'liblrdf-devel' 'liblrdf2-32bit' 'liblrzip-devel' 'liblrzip0' 'liblsan0' 'liblsan0-gcc5' 'liblsan0-gcc6' 'liblscp' 'liblscp-debugsource' 'liblscp-devel' 'liblscp6' 'liblscp6-debuginfo' 'liblsmash2' 'libltc-devel' 'libltc11' 'liblua5_2-32bit' 'libluabind0_9_1' 'libluajit-5_1-2' 'liblucene++0' 'liblur3' 'liblxpanel0' 'liblxqt-devel' 'liblxqt-globalkeys-ui0' 'liblxqt-globalkeys0' 'liblxqt-lang' 'liblxqt0' 'liblz1' 'liblz4-1_4' 'liblz4-devel' 'liblzo2-2-32bit' 'libm17n0' 'libm17n0-32bit' 'libm4ri-0_0_20140914' 'libm4ri-devel' 'libm4rie-0_0_20140914' 'libm4rie-devel' 'libmac' 'libmac-debugsource' 'libmac-devel' 'libmac2' 'libmac2-debuginfo' 'libmad' 'libmad-debugsource' 'libmad-devel' 'libmad0-32bit' 'libmad0-debuginfo' 'libmad0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmakemkv1' 'libmal-devel' 'libmal1' 'libmalaga-devel' 'libmalaga7' 'libmalaga7-32bit' 'libmapi1' 'libmapidb-devel' 'libmapidb1' 'libmarblewidget-devel' 'libmarblewidget22' 'libmarco-private1' 'libmariadb-devel' 'libmariadb2' 'libmariadb_plugins' 'libmariadbprivate' 'libmarisa0' 'libmarisa0-32bit' 'libmarkdown-devel' 'libmarkdown2' 'libmate-desktop-2-17' 'libmate-menu2' 'libmate-menu2-32bit' 'libmate-panel-applet-4-1' 'libmate-panel-applet-4-1-32bit' 'libmate-sensors-applet-plugin0' 'libmate-sensors-applet-plugin0-32bit' 'libmate-slab-devel' 'libmate-slab0' 'libmate-window-settings1' 'libmatedict-devel' 'libmatedict6' 'libmatekbd-devel' 'libmatekbd-lang' 'libmatekbd4' 'libmatekbd4-32bit' 'libmatemixer-devel' 'libmatemixer-lang' 'libmatemixer0' 'libmatemixer0-32bit' 'libmateweather-devel' 'libmateweather-lang' 'libmateweather1' 'libmateweather1-32bit' 'libmatio-devel' 'libmatio2' 'libmatroska-devel' 'libmatroska6-32bit' 'libmaxminddb-devel' 'libmaxminddb0' 'libmaya-calendar0' 'libmbedtls9' 'libmbedtls9-32bit' 'libmbim' 'libmbim-devel' 'libmcli' 'libmcli-debuginfo' 'libmcpp0' 'libmcrypt' 'libmcrypt-devel' 'libmd-devel' 'libmd0' 'libmdb2' 'libmdbsql2' 'libmediaart-1_0-0' 'libmediaart-1_0-devel' 'libmediaart-devel' 'libmediainfo' 'libmediainfo-debugsource' 'libmediainfo-devel' 'libmediainfo0-32bit' 'libmediainfo0-debuginfo' 'libmediastreamer_base7' 'libmediastreamer_base7-32bit' 'libmediastreamer_base7-debuginfo' 'libmediastreamer_voip7' 'libmediastreamer_voip7-32bit' 'libmediastreamer_voip7-debuginfo' 'libmeep7' 'libmemcache-devel' 'libmemcache0' 'libmemcached' 'libmemcached-devel' 'libmemcached11' 'libmemcachedutil2' 'libmemkind0' 'libmemphis-0_2-0' 'libmenu-cache3' 'libmesode-devel' 'libmesode0' 'libmetacity-private3' 'libmetalink-devel' 'libmetalink3' 'libmetis5' 'libmgl-fltk7_4_1' 'libmgl-glut7_4_1' 'libmgl-mpi7_4_1' 'libmgl-qt4-7_4_1' 'libmgl-qt5-7_4_1' 'libmgl-wnd7_4_1' 'libmgl-wx7_4_1' 'libmgl7_4_1' 'libmhash2' 'libmicro' 'libmicrohttpd' 'libmicrohttpd-debugsource' 'libmicrohttpd-devel' 'libmicrohttpd12' 'libmicrohttpd12-debuginfo' 'libmicrospdy-devel' 'libmicrospdy0' 'libmidori-core1' 'libmidori-core1-32bit' 'libmikmod-devel' 'libmikmod3-32bit' 'libmilter-doc' 'libmilter1_0' 'libminisat2' 'libminiupnpc-devel' 'libminiupnpc10' 'libminiupnpc10-32bit' 'libmirage-3_0' 'libmirage-data' 'libmirage-devel' 'libmirage10' 'libmisdn1' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0-32bit' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0-debuginfo' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmjpegutils-devel' 'libmlt' 'libmlt++-devel' 'libmlt++3' 'libmlt++3-debuginfo' 'libmlt-debugsource' 'libmlt-devel' 'libmlt6' 'libmlt6-data' 'libmlt6-debuginfo' 'libmlt6-modules' 'libmlt6-modules-debuginfo' 'libmlx5-1' 'libmlx5-1-32bit' 'libmm-devel' 'libmm14' 'libmmbd0' 'libmms-devel' 'libmms0-32bit' 'libmng-devel' 'libmng1-32bit' 'libmnl-devel' 'libmnl0-32bit' 'libmodglue1' 'libmodman-devel' 'libmodman1-32bit' 'libmodplug-devel' 'libmodplug1-32bit' 'libmono-2_0-1' 'libmono-2_0-devel' 'libmono-profiler-gui-thread-check0' 'libmono-profiler-gui-thread-check0-devel' 'libmonoboehm-2_0-1' 'libmonoboehm-2_0-devel' 'libmonosgen-2_0-1' 'libmonosgen-2_0-devel' 'libmopac7-1' 'libmopac7-1-devel' 'libmount-devel' 'libmount-devel-32bit' 'libmount-devel-static' 'libmount1-32bit' 'libmovit6' 'libmovit6-debuginfo' 'libmowgli-2-0' 'libmowgli-devel' 'libmowgli2' 'libmowgli2-32bit' 'libmowgli2-devel' 'libmozjs-17_0-32bit' 'libmozjs-24-32bit' 'libmozjs-38' 'libmozjs-38-32bit' 'libmozjs185-1_0' 'libmozjs185-1_0-debuginfo' 'libmp3lame-devel' 'libmp3lame0-32bit' 'libmp3lame0-debuginfo' 'libmp3lame0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmp3splt' 'libmp3splt-debugsource' 'libmp3splt-devel' 'libmp3splt0' 'libmp3splt0-debuginfo' 'libmp3splt0-mp3' 'libmp3splt0-mp3-debuginfo' 'libmp3splt0-ogg' 'libmp3splt0-ogg-debuginfo' 'libmpc3-32bit' 'libmpcdec-devel' 'libmpcdec5-32bit' 'libmpd-devel' 'libmpd1' 'libmpd1-32bit' 'libmpdclient' 'libmpdclient-debugsource' 'libmpdclient-devel' 'libmpdclient2' 'libmpdclient2-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2' 'libmpeg2-0-32bit' 'libmpeg2-0-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmpeg2-debugsource' 'libmpeg2-devel' 'libmpeg2convert0-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-32bit' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-debuginfo' 'libmpeg2encpp-2_0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmpeg3-1' 'libmpeg3-1' 'libmpeg3-1-debuginfo' 'libmpeg3-1-debugsource' 'libmpeg3-devel' 'libmpeg3-utils' 'libmpeg3-utils-debuginfo' 'libmpeg4ip-devel' 'libmpeg4ip0' 'libmpeg4ip0-debuginfo' 'libmpfc-devel' 'libmpfc2' 'libmpfc2-debuginfo' 'libmpfi0' 'libmpfr4-32bit' 'libmpg123-0-debuginfo' 'libmpg123-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libmpir-devel' 'libmpir11' 'libmpirxx4' 'libmpv1' 'libmpv1-debuginfo' 'libmpx0' 'libmpx0-32bit' 'libmpx2' 'libmpx2-32bit' 'libmpx2-gcc6' 'libmpx2-gcc6-32bit' 'libmpxwrappers0' 'libmpxwrappers0-32bit' 'libmpxwrappers2' 'libmpxwrappers2-32bit' 'libmpxwrappers2-gcc6' 'libmpxwrappers2-gcc6-32bit' 'libmraa1' 'libmrss-devel' 'libmrss0' 'libmrss0-32bit' 'libmsgpackc2' 'libmsi0-debuginfo' 'libmsiecf-devel' 'libmsiecf-tools' 'libmsiecf1' 'libmsn-devel' 'libmsn0_3' 'libmspack-devel' 'libmspack0-32bit' 'libmspub-devel' 'libmspub-devel-doc' 'libmspub-tools' 'libmtdev1-32bit' 'libmtp-devel' 'libmuffin0' 'libmunge2' 'libmunge2-32bit' 'libmuparser2_2_5' 'libmuparser2_2_5-32bit' 'libmupen64plus-devel' 'libmupen64plus2' 'libmupen64plus2-debuginfo' 'libmuroar0' 'libmuroar0-debuginfo' 'libmuroard3' 'libmuroard3-debuginfo' 'libmusicbrainz-devel' 'libmusicbrainz3-6' 'libmusicbrainz3-6-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz3-devel' 'libmusicbrainz4-3' 'libmusicbrainz4-3-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz4-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz4-devel' 'libmusicbrainz5-1-32bit' 'libmusicbrainz5-devel' 'libmutter0' 'libmwaw-devel' 'libmwaw-devel-doc' 'libmwaw-tools' 'libmxml1' 'libmxml1-32bit' 'libmygpo-qt-devel' 'libmygpo-qt5-1' 'libmygpo-qt5-devel' 'libmysql56client18' 'libmysql56client18-32bit' 'libmysql56client_r18' 'libmysql56client_r18-32bit' 'libmysqlclient-devel' 'libmysqlclient18-32bit' 'libmysqlclient_r18-32bit' 'libmysqlcppconn-devel' 'libmysqld-devel' 'libmyth-0_27' 'libmyth-0_27-debuginfo' 'libmyth-0_27-devel' 'libmyth-0_28-0' 'libmyth-0_28-0-debuginfo' 'libnautilus-extension1-32bit' 'libndctl-devel' 'libndctl6' 'libndp' 'libndp-devel' 'libndr-devel' 'libndr-krb5pac-devel' 'libndr-nbt-devel' 'libndr-standard-devel' 'libneko1' 'libnemo-extension1' 'libneon-devel' 'libneon27-32bit' 'libnet-devel' 'libnet-doc' 'libnet9' 'libnetapi-devel' 'libnetcdf7-32bit' 'libnetcdf_c++-devel' 'libnetcdf_c++4' 'libnetcdf_c++4-1' 'libnetcdf_c++4-devel' 'libnetcontrol-devel' 'libnetcontrol0' 'libnetcontrol0-32bit' 'libnetfilter_acct-devel' 'libnetfilter_acct1' 'libnetfilter_acct1-32bit' 'libnetfilter_conntrack-devel' 'libnetfilter_conntrack3-32bit' 'libnetfilter_cthelper-devel' 'libnetfilter_cthelper0' 'libnetfilter_cthelper0-32bit' 'libnetfilter_cttimeout-devel' 'libnetfilter_cttimeout1' 'libnetfilter_cttimeout1-32bit' 'libnetfilter_log-devel' 'libnetfilter_log1' 'libnetfilter_log1-32bit' 'libnetfilter_queue-devel' 'libnetfilter_queue1' 'libnetfilter_queue1-32bit' 'libnetlink-devel' 'libnetpbm-devel' 'libnetpbm11-32bit' 'libnettle-devel-32bit' 'libnewt0_52-32bit' 'libnextcloudsync-devel' 'libnextcloudsync0' 'libnfc-devel' 'libnfc-tools' 'libnfc5' 'libnfnetlink-devel' 'libnfnetlink0-32bit' 'libnfs' 'libnfs-debugsource' 'libnfs-devel' 'libnfs8-debuginfo' 'libnfsjunct0' 'libnftnl-devel' 'libnftnl-devel-32bit' 'libnftnl4' 'libnftnl4-32bit' 'libnghttp2-14-32bit' 'libnghttp2-devel' 'libnghttp2_asio-devel' 'libnghttp2_asio1' 'libnghttp2_asio1-32bit' 'libnice' 'libnice-devel' 'libnice10-32bit' 'libnilfs0' 'libnilfscleaner0' 'libnilfsgc0' 'libnjb' 'libnjb-devel' 'libnjb5' 'libnl-1_1-devel' 'libnl-1_1-devel-32bit' 'libnl-doc' 'libnl-tools' 'libnl1' 'libnl1-32bit' 'libnl3-devel' 'libnl3-devel-32bit' 'libnlopt0' 'libnm-glib-vpn1-32bit' 'libnm-gtk-devel' 'libnm-gtk0' 'libnoise-core0' 'libnordlicht0' 'libnordlicht0-debuginfo' 'libnotify-devel' 'libnotify-devel-32bit' 'libnotify4-32bit' 'libnotmuch4' 'libnova-0_15-0' 'libnova-devel' 'libnpth0' 'libnscd-devel' 'libnscd1' 'libnscd1-32bit' 'libnsl-devel' 'libnsl2-32bit' 'libnsssharedhelper0-32bit' 'libntfs-3g-devel' 'libntk1' 'libntl15' 'libntlm-devel' 'libntlm0' 'libnuma-devel' 'libnuma1-32bit' 'libnxcl' 'libnxcl-devel' 'libnxcl1' 'libnxml' 'libnxml-debugsource' 'libnxml-devel' 'libnxml0' 'libnxml0-32bit' 'libnxml0-debuginfo' 'liboaml_shared1' 'liboauth-devel' 'liboauth0-32bit' 'libobby-0_4-1' 'libobjc2' 'libobjc2-devel' 'libobjc4' 'libobjc4-32bit' 'libobjc4-gcc7' 'libobjc4-gcc7-32bit' 'libobrender32' 'libobt2' 'libode3' 'libodfgen' 'libodfgen-devel' 'libodfgen-devel-doc' 'libodraw-devel' 'libodraw-tools' 'libodraw1' 'libofa-devel' 'libofa0-32bit' 'libofetion-devel' 'libofetion1' 'libofx' 'libofx-devel' 'libofx6' 'libogg-devel' 'liboggkate1-32bit' 'liboggz-devel' 'liboggz-doc' 'liboggz2' 'liboggz2-32bit' 'libogmrip-devel' 'libogmrip1' 'libogmrip1-debuginfo' 'libohcount' 'liboil' 'liboil-32bit' 'liboil-devel' 'liboil-doc' 'liboldX-devel' 'liboldX-devel-32bit' 'liboldX6' 'liboldX6-32bit' 'libolecf-devel' 'libolecf-tools' 'libolecf1' 'liboop-devel' 'liboop4' 'libopagent1' 'libopagent1-32bit' 'libopal-devel' 'libopal3_10_10' 'libopenal0' 'libopenal0-32bit' 'libopenbabel-devel' 'libopenbabel4' 'libopenbabel4-32bit' 'libopenblas_openmp-devel' 'libopenblas_openmp0' 'libopenblas_pthreads-devel' 'libopenblas_pthreads0' 'libopenblas_serial-devel' 'libopenblas_serial0' 'libopenblaso0' 'libopenblasp0' 'libopencdk-devel' 'libopencdk-devel-32bit' 'libopencdk10' 'libopencdk10-32bit' 'libopencore-amr-devel' 'libopencore-amrnb0' 'libopencore-amrnb0-32bit' 'libopencore-amrnb0-debuginfo' 'libopencore-amrnb0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libopencore-amrwb0' 'libopencore-amrwb0-32bit' 'libopencore-amrwb0-debuginfo' 'libopencore-amrwb0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libopenct1' 'libopenct1-32bit' 'libopenjp2-7-32bit' 'libopenjpeg1-32bit' 'libopenlibm1' 'libopenobex2' 'libopenraw-devel' 'libopenraw1-32bit' 'libopenscap8' 'libopenshot' 'libopenshot-audio' 'libopenshot-audio-debugsource' 'libopenshot-audio-devel' 'libopenshot-audio-devel-debuginfo' 'libopenshot-audio3' 'libopenshot-audio3-debuginfo' 'libopenshot-debugsource' 'libopenshot-devel' 'libopenshot1' 'libopenshot1-debuginfo' 'libopenslide-devel' 'libopenslide0' 'libopenspecfun1' 'libopenssl-devel' 'libopenssl-devel-32bit' 'libopenssl0_9_8' 'libopenssl0_9_8-32bit' 'libopenssl1_0_0-hmac' 'libopenssl1_0_0-hmac-32bit' 'libopenvas' 'libopenvas-devel' 'libopenvas_base6' 'libopenvas_hg6' 'libopenvas_misc6' 'libopenvas_nasl6' 'libopenvas_omp6' 'liboping-devel' 'liboping-devel-32bit' 'liboping0' 'liboping0-32bit' 'libopus-devel' 'libopus-devel-static' 'libopus0-32bit' 'libopusfile0' 'liborcus-devel' 'liborcus-python3' 'liborcus-tools' 'liborigin-devel' 'liborigin-doc' 'liborigin-tools' 'liborigin0' 'libortp12' 'libortp12-32bit' 'libortp12-debuginfo' 'libosinfo-devel' 'libosinfo-vala' 'libosmgpsmap-1_0-0' 'libosmgpsmap-devel' 'libosmo-dsp-devel' 'libosmo-dsp-doc' 'libosmo-mtp-0_7_0' 'libosmo-mtp-devel' 'libosmo-sccp-0_7_0' 'libosmo-sccp-devel' 'libosmo-xua-0_7_0' 'libosmo-xua-devel' 'libosmoabis-devel' 'libosmoabis5' 'libosmocodec-devel' 'libosmocodec0' 'libosmocore-devel' 'libosmocore-tools' 'libosmocore6' 'libosmoctrl-devel' 'libosmoctrl0' 'libosmodsp0' 'libosmogb-devel' 'libosmogb4' 'libosmogsm-devel' 'libosmogsm5' 'libosmonetif-devel' 'libosmonetif3' 'libosmosim-devel' 'libosmosim0' 'libosmotrau-devel' 'libosmotrau1' 'libosmovty-devel' 'libosmovty2' 'libospf0' 'libospfapiclient0' 'libossp-uuid++16' 'libossp-uuid16' 'libossp-uuid_dce16' 'libostree' 'libostree-1-1' 'libostree-devel' 'libostree-grub2' 'libotf' 'libotf-devel' 'libotf-devel-32bit' 'libotf0' 'libotf0-32bit' 'libotr-devel' 'libotr-tools' 'libout123-0' 'libout123-0-32bit' 'libout123-0-debuginfo' 'libout123-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libowncloudsync-devel' 'libowncloudsync0' 'liboyranos-alpha-devel' 'liboyranos-alpha-devel-doc' 'liboyranos-devel' 'liboyranos0' 'liboyranos0-cups' 'liboyranos0-lraw' 'liboyranos0-monitor' 'liboyranos0-sane' 'libp11-2' 'libp11-2-32bit' 'libp11-devel' 'libp8-platform2' 'libp8-platform2-debuginfo' 'libp8-platform2_0' 'libpacemaker-devel' 'libpacemaker3' 'libpackagekit-glib2-18-32bit' 'libpackagekit-glib2-devel' 'libpackagekit-glib2-devel-32bit' 'libpackagekitqt4-0' 'libpagemaker-devel' 'libpagemaker-devel-doc' 'libpagemaker-tools' 'libpamtest-devel' 'libpamtest-devel-doc' 'libpamtest0' 'libpangomm-1_4-1-32bit' 'libpangox-1_0-0' 'libpangox-1_0-0-32bit' 'libpano-devel' 'libpano-utils' 'libpaper-devel' 'libpaper-utils' 'libpaper1' 'libpapi' 'libpapi-32bit' 'libpari-gmp4' 'libparpack2-openmpi' 'libparpack2-openmpi-32bit' 'libparserutils-devel' 'libparserutils-doc' 'libparserutils0' 'libparted0-32bit' 'libpasswdqc0' 'libpasswdqc0-32bit' 'libpath_utils-devel' 'libpath_utils-devel-32bit' 'libpath_utils1' 'libpath_utils1-32bit' 'libpcap-devel' 'libpcap-devel-32bit' 'libpcap-devel-static' 'libpcd-devel' 'libpcd2' 'libpci3-32bit' 'libpciaccess-devel' 'libpcp-devel' 'libpcp3' 'libpcp_gui2' 'libpcp_import1' 'libpcp_mmv1' 'libpcp_trace2' 'libpcp_web1' 'libpcre16-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-16-0' 'libpcre2-16-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-32-0' 'libpcre2-32-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-8-0' 'libpcre2-8-0-32bit' 'libpcre2-posix1' 'libpcre2-posix1-32bit' 'libpcrecpp0-32bit' 'libpcreposix0-32bit' 'libpcsclite1' 'libpcsclite1-32bit' 'libpcscspy0' 'libpcscspy0-32bit' 'libpeas-1_0-0' 'libpeas-demo' 'libpeas-devel' 'libpeas-gtk-1_0-0' 'libpeas-lang' 'libpeas-loader-python' 'libpeas-loader-python3' 'libpegclient1' 'libpegcommon1' 'libpegexportserver1' 'libpeglistener1' 'libpff-devel' 'libpff-tools' 'libpff1' 'libpfm-devel' 'libpfm-devel-static' 'libpfm4' 'libpfm4-32bit' 'libpgeasy' 'libpgf-devel' 'libpgf6' 'libpgm-5_2-0' 'libphonon4-32bit' 'libphonon4qt5-32bit' 'libphysfs-devel' 'libphysfs1' 'libpinyin-devel' 'libpinyin-tools' 'libpinyin10-32bit' 'libpipeline-devel' 'libpisock-devel' 'libpisock9' 'libpisync-devel' 'libpisync1' 'libpkcs11-helper1-32bit' 'libplank1' 'libplatform-devel' 'libplatform1_0' 'libplib0' 'libplist' 'libplist++-devel' 'libplist++3' 'libplist++3-32bit' 'libplist-devel' 'libplist3-32bit' 'libplot2' 'libpmem-devel' 'libpmem1' 'libpmemblk-devel' 'libpmemblk1' 'libpmemlog-devel' 'libpmemlog1' 'libpmemobj++-devel' 'libpmemobj-devel' 'libpmemobj1' 'libpmempool-devel' 'libpmempool1' 'libpnetcdf1-openmpi' 'libpng12-compat-devel' 'libpng12-compat-devel-32bit' 'libpng12-devel' 'libpng12-devel-32bit' 'libpng15-15-32bit' 'libpng16-compat-devel-32bit' 'libpng16-devel-32bit' 'libpng16-tools' 'libpnglite0' 'libpodofo-devel' 'libpodofo0_9_3' 'libpolkit-gtk-mate-1-0' 'libpolkit-gtk-mate-1-0-32bit' 'libpolkit-qt-1-1-32bit' 'libpolkit-qt-1-devel' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-1-32bit' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-devel' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-devel-32bit' 'libpolkit0-32bit' 'libpoppler-cpp0' 'libpoppler-cpp0-32bit' 'libpoppler-devel' 'libpoppler-glib-devel' 'libpoppler-glib8-32bit' 'libpoppler-qt4-4' 'libpoppler-qt4-4-32bit' 'libpoppler-qt4-devel' 'libpoppler-qt5-1-32bit' 'libpoppler-qt5-devel' 'libpoppler60-32bit' 'libportaudio2' 'libportaudio2-32bit' 'libportmidi0' 'libpostproc-2.8-devel' 'libpostproc-3.2-devel' 'libpostproc-devel' 'libpostproc53-32bit' 'libpostproc53-debuginfo' 'libpostproc53-debuginfo-32bit' 'libpostproc54-32bit' 'libpostproc54-debuginfo' 'libpostproc54-debuginfo-32bit' 'libpotrace0' 'libpowerman0' 'libpq5-32bit' 'libprelude-devel' 'libprelude-devel-bindings' 'libprelude-doc' 'libprelude23' 'libpreludecpp8' 'libpreludedb-devel' 'libpreludedb-devel-bindings' 'libpreludedb-doc' 'libpreludedb-mysql' 'libpreludedb-pgsql' 'libpreludedb-plugins' 'libpreludedb-sqlite' 'libpreludedb7' 'libpreludedbcpp2' 'libpresage-devel' 'libpresage-doc' 'libpresage1' 'libprison-devel' 'libprison0-32bit' 'libprofiler0' 'libproj-devel' 'libproj9' 'libprojectM-libvisual' 'libprojectM-qt1' 'libpromises-devel' 'libpromises3' 'libprotobuf-c-devel' 'libprotobuf-lite9' 'libprotobuf-lite9-32bit' 'libprotobuf9' 'libprotobuf9-32bit' 'libprotoc9' 'libprotoc9-32bit' 'libproxy-devel' 'libproxy-tools' 'libproxy1-32bit' 'libproxy1-config-gnome3' 'libpsl-devel' 'libpsl5' 'libpsl5-32bit' 'libpsm2-2' 'libpsm2-compat' 'libpsm2-devel' 'libpsm_infinipath1' 'libpsm_infinipath1-32bit' 'libpspell15' 'libpspell15-32bit' 'libpst' 'libpst-devel' 'libpst4' 'libpt-devel' 'libpt1_11' 'libpt1_11-32bit' 'libpt2_10_10' 'libpt2_10_10-plugins-avc' 'libpt2_10_10-plugins-esd' 'libpt2_10_10-plugins-pulse' 'libptexenc1' 'libpth-devel' 'libpth20-32bit' 'libpugixml1' 'libpulse-devel-32bit' 'libpulse-mainloop-glib0-32bit' 'libpurple-branding-upstream' 'libpurple-devel' 'libpurple-plugin-bot-sentry' 'libpurple-plugin-bot-sentry-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-facebook' 'libpurple-plugin-gnome-keyring' 'libpurple-plugin-libsteam' 'libpurple-plugin-mrim' 'libpurple-plugin-mrim-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-openfetion' 'libpurple-plugin-openfetion-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-pack' 'libpurple-plugin-pack-extras' 'libpurple-plugin-pack-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-prpltwtr' 'libpurple-plugin-prpltwtr-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-sametime' 'libpurple-plugin-sipe' 'libpurple-plugin-sipe-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-skype' 'libpurple-plugin-skype-lang' 'libpurple-plugin-skypeweb' 'libpurple-plugin-telegram' 'libpurple-plugin-telegram-lang' 'libpwquality-devel' 'libpwquality-tools' 'libpythia8' 'libpythia8lhapdf6' 'libpython3_4m1_0-32bit' 'libpyzy-1_0-0' 'libqalculate-devel' 'libqb-devel' 'libqb-devel-32bit' 'libqb0' 'libqb0-32bit' 'libqca-qt5-32bit' 'libqca-qt5-devel' 'libqca-qt5-devel-32bit' 'libqca-qt5-plugins-32bit' 'libqca2-32bit' 'libqca2-devel' 'libqca2-plugin-cyrus-sasl' 'libqca2-plugin-cyrus-sasl-32bit' 'libqca2-plugin-pkcs11' 'libqca2-plugin-pkcs11-32bit' 'libqcow-devel' 'libqcow-tools' 'libqcow1' 'libqd0' 'libqgpgme-devel' 'libqgpgme7-32bit' 'libqhexedit4' 'libqhull6-6_3_1_1494' 'libqimageblitz-devel' 'libqjack' 'libqjack-debugsource' 'libqjack-devel' 'libqjack0' 'libqjack0-debuginfo' 'libqjson-devel' 'libqjson0-32bit' 'libqmi-devel' 'libqmmp-devel' 'libqmmp-plugin-mplayer' 'libqmmp-plugin-mplayer-debuginfo' 'libqmmp-plugins' 'libqmmp-plugins-debuginfo' 'libqmmp1' 'libqmmp1-32bit' 'libqmmp1-debuginfo' 'libqoauth1' 'libqoauth2' 'libqore5' 'libqpid-proton-cpp10' 'libqpid-proton10' 'libqqwing2' 'libqrencode3-32bit' 'libqross0_1' 'libqrosspython' 'libqrupdate1' 'libqscintilla-devel' 'libqscintilla-qt5-devel' 'libqscintilla2-12' 'libqscintilla2-qt5-13' 'libqt4-32bit' 'libqt4-devel' 'libqt4-devel-doc' 'libqt4-devel-doc-data' 'libqt4-linguist' 'libqt4-private-headers-devel' 'libqt4-qt3support-32bit' 'libqt4-sql-32bit' 'libqt4-sql-mysql' 'libqt4-sql-postgresql' 'libqt4-sql-sqlite-32bit' 'libqt4-sql-unixODBC' 'libqt4-x11-32bit' 'libqt5-creator' 'libqt5-creator-plugin-devel' 'libqt5-linguist-devel' 'libqt5-qt3d-devel' 'libqt5-qt3d-examples' 'libqt5-qt3d-imports' 'libqt5-qt3d-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qt3d-tools' 'libqt5-qtbase-common-devel' 'libqt5-qtbase-devel' 'libqt5-qtbase-examples' 'libqt5-qtbase-examples-32bit' 'libqt5-qtbase-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-devel' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-examples' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtconnectivity-tools' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-devel' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-examples' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtdeclarative-tools' 'libqt5-qtdoc' 'libqt5-qtimageformats-32bit' 'libqt5-qtimageformats-devel' 'libqt5-qtlocation-devel' 'libqt5-qtlocation-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtlocation-examples' 'libqt5-qtlocation-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-devel' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-examples' 'libqt5-qtmultimedia-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtquickcontrols-examples' 'libqt5-qtscript-devel' 'libqt5-qtscript-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtscript-examples' 'libqt5-qtscript-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtsensors-devel' 'libqt5-qtsensors-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtsensors-examples' 'libqt5-qtsensors-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtserialport-devel' 'libqt5-qtserialport-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtserialport-examples' 'libqt5-qtserialport-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtsvg-devel' 'libqt5-qtsvg-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtsvg-examples' 'libqt5-qtsvg-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qttools-32bit' 'libqt5-qttools-devel' 'libqt5-qttools-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qttools-doc' 'libqt5-qttools-examples' 'libqt5-qttools-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtwayland' 'libqt5-qtwayland-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwayland-devel' 'libqt5-qtwayland-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwayland-examples' 'libqt5-qtwayland-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebchannel-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebengine' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebengine-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebkit-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-devel' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-examples' 'libqt5-qtwebsockets-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5-qtx11extras-devel' 'libqt5-qtx11extras-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel-32bit' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples' 'libqt5-qtxmlpatterns-private-headers-devel' 'libqt5keychain1' 'libqt5keychain1-32bit' 'libqt5keychain1-lang' 'libqt5xdg-devel' 'libqtcurve-cairo1' 'libqtcurve-utils2' 'libqtermwidget4-0' 'libqtermwidget5-0' 'libqtkeychain0' 'libqtpod-devel' 'libqtpod-doc' 'libqtpod0' 'libqtweetlib-devel' 'libqtweetlib1_0' 'libquadmath0-32bit' 'libquadmath0-gcc48' 'libquadmath0-gcc48-32bit' 'libquadmath0-gcc5' 'libquadmath0-gcc5-32bit' 'libquadmath0-gcc6' 'libquadmath0-gcc6-32bit' 'libquagga_pb0' 'libquazip-qt5-devel' 'libquazip-qt5-doc' 'libquazip1' 'libquazip5-1' 'libqucs0' 'libquicktime' 'libquicktime' 'libquicktime-debuginfo' 'libquicktime-debugsource' 'libquicktime-devel' 'libquicktime-lang' 'libquicktime-orig-addon' 'libquicktime-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'libquicktime-tools' 'libquicktime-tools-debuginfo' 'libquicktime0-32bit' 'libquicktime0-debuginfo' 'libquo-devel' 'libquo3' 'libquvi-devel' 'libquvi-scripts-devel' 'libquvi-scripts-nsfw' 'libqwt5' 'libqwt6' 'libqxmledit0' 'libqxmledit0-32bit' 'libqxmpp-devel' 'libqxmpp-doc' 'libqxmpp-qt5-0' 'libqxmpp-qt5-devel' 'libqxmpp-qt5-doc' 'libqxmpp0' 'libqxmpp0-32bit' 'libqxt-devel' 'libqxt1' 'libqyoto2' 'librados-devel' 'librados2' 'libradosstriper-devel' 'libradosstriper1' 'librapi2' 'librapi2' 'librapi2-debuginfo' 'librapi2-debugsource' 'librapi2-devel' 'libraptor-devel' 'libraptor2-0-32bit' 'librasqal-devel' 'librasqal-devel-doc' 'librasqal3-32bit' 'libratbag-devel' 'libratbag-tools' 'libratbag3' 'libraw' 'libraw-devel' 'libraw-devel-static' 'libraw-tools' 'libraw1394' 'libraw1394-11-32bit' 'libraw1394-devel' 'libraw1394-devel-32bit' 'librawstudio-2_1' 'librawstudio-devel' 'librbd-devel' 'librbd1' 'librbio-2_2_1' 'librcc-devel' 'librcc0' 'librcc0-32bit' 'librcd-devel' 'librcd0' 'librcd0-32bit' 'librcps-devel' 'librcps0' 'librdf0-32bit' 'librdmacm-utils' 'librdmacm1' 'librdmacm1-32bit' 'libre2-0-32bit' 'libreadline-java' 'libreadline-java-32bit' 'libreadline-java-javadoc' 'libreadline5' 'libreadline5-32bit' 'libreadline6-32bit' 'librecad' 'librecad-parts' 'libredland-devel' 'libref_array-devel' 'libref_array-devel-32bit' 'libref_array1' 'libref_array1-32bit' 'libregf-devel' 'libregf-tools' 'libregf1' 'libregina3' 'libreiser4-1_1-0' 'libreiser4-minimal-1_1-0' 'libreiserfs-0_3-0' 'libreiserfs-0_3-0-32bit' 'libreiserfs-devel' 'libreiserfs-devel-32bit' 'libreiserfs-progs' 'libreiserfscore-devel' 'librelp-devel' 'librelp0' 'libreoffice' 'libreoffice-base-drivers-postgresql' 'libreoffice-gdb-pretty-printers' 'libreoffice-glade' 'libreoffice-gnome' 'libreoffice-gtk3' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-oxygen' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-tango' 'libreoffice-l10n-af' 'libreoffice-l10n-ar' 'libreoffice-l10n-as' 'libreoffice-l10n-bg' 'libreoffice-l10n-bn' 'libreoffice-l10n-br' 'libreoffice-l10n-ca' 'libreoffice-l10n-cs' 'libreoffice-l10n-cy' 'libreoffice-l10n-da' 'libreoffice-l10n-de' 'libreoffice-l10n-dz' 'libreoffice-l10n-el' 'libreoffice-l10n-eo' 'libreoffice-l10n-es' 'libreoffice-l10n-et' 'libreoffice-l10n-eu' 'libreoffice-l10n-fa' 'libreoffice-l10n-fi' 'libreoffice-l10n-fr' 'libreoffice-l10n-ga' 'libreoffice-l10n-gl' 'libreoffice-l10n-gu' 'libreoffice-l10n-he' 'libreoffice-l10n-hi' 'libreoffice-l10n-hr' 'libreoffice-l10n-hu' 'libreoffice-l10n-it' 'libreoffice-l10n-ja' 'libreoffice-l10n-kk' 'libreoffice-l10n-kn' 'libreoffice-l10n-ko' 'libreoffice-l10n-lt' 'libreoffice-l10n-lv' 'libreoffice-l10n-mai' 'libreoffice-l10n-ml' 'libreoffice-l10n-mr' 'libreoffice-l10n-nb' 'libreoffice-l10n-nl' 'libreoffice-l10n-nn' 'libreoffice-l10n-nr' 'libreoffice-l10n-nso' 'libreoffice-l10n-or' 'libreoffice-l10n-pa' 'libreoffice-l10n-pl' 'libreoffice-l10n-pt_BR' 'libreoffice-l10n-pt_PT' 'libreoffice-l10n-ro' 'libreoffice-l10n-ru' 'libreoffice-l10n-si' 'libreoffice-l10n-sk' 'libreoffice-l10n-sl' 'libreoffice-l10n-sr' 'libreoffice-l10n-ss' 'libreoffice-l10n-st' 'libreoffice-l10n-sv' 'libreoffice-l10n-ta' 'libreoffice-l10n-te' 'libreoffice-l10n-th' 'libreoffice-l10n-tn' 'libreoffice-l10n-tr' 'libreoffice-l10n-ts' 'libreoffice-l10n-uk' 'libreoffice-l10n-ve' 'libreoffice-l10n-xh' 'libreoffice-l10n-zh_CN' 'libreoffice-l10n-zh_TW' 'libreoffice-l10n-zu' 'libreoffice-officebean' 'libreoffice-sdk' 'libreoffice-sdk-doc' 'libreoffice-templates-de' 'libreoffice-templates-ru' 'libreoffice-voikko' 'libreofficekit' 'libreofficekit-devel' 'librep' 'librep-devel' 'librep16' 'librepair-1_1-0' 'librepository-javadoc' 'libressl' 'libressl' 'libressl-devel' 'libressl-devel-32bit' 'libressl-devel-doc' 'librest-devel' 'librest0-32bit' 'libretro-bsnes' 'libretro-gambatte' 'libretro-pcsx_rearmed' 'librevenge-devel' 'librevenge-doc' 'librevenge-generators-0_0-0' 'librgw-devel' 'librgw2' 'librime-devel' 'librime1' 'librk0' 'librlog-devel' 'librlog5' 'librlog5-doc' 'libroar2' 'libroar2-debuginfo' 'librocsgraphtheory0' 'librpcsecgss-devel' 'librpcsecgss3' 'librsound-devel' 'librsound-devel-static' 'librsound3' 'librsound3-debuginfo' 'librsvg' 'librsvg-2-2-32bit' 'librsvg-devel' 'librsync-devel' 'librsync2' 'librtaudio5' 'librtaudio5-debuginfo' 'librtlsdr0' 'librtmidi3' 'librtmidi3-debuginfo' 'librtmp1-32bit' 'librtmp1-debuginfo' 'librtmp1-debuginfo-32bit' 'librubberband-devel' 'librubberband2-32bit' 'libruby2_2-2_2' 'libruby2_3-2_3' 'libruby2_4-2_4' 'librvngabw-0_0-0' 'librvngabw-devel' 'librvngabw-devel-doc' 'librygel-core-2_6-2' 'librygel-renderer-2_6-2' 'librygel-renderer-gst-2_6-2' 'librygel-ruih-2_0-1' 'librygel-server-2_6-2' 'libs3' 'libs3-3' 'libs3-4' 'libs3-devel' 'libs3-tools' 'libsamba-credentials-devel' 'libsamba-errors-devel' 'libsamba-hostconfig-devel' 'libsamba-passdb-devel' 'libsamba-policy-devel' 'libsamba-policy0' 'libsamba-policy0-32bit' 'libsamba-util-devel' 'libsamdb-devel' 'libsaml-devel' 'libsaml8' 'libsamplerate-devel' 'libsamplerate-progs' 'libsamplerate0-32bit' 'libsanlock1' 'libsapi0' 'libsapi0-32bit' 'libsass' 'libsass-3_3_2-0' 'libsass-devel' 'libsbc1-32bit' 'libsblim-cmpiutil1' 'libscalapack2-openmpi' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-32bit' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-devel' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-devel-32bit' 'libscalapack2-openmpi-devel-static' 'libscca-devel' 'libscca-tools' 'libscca1' 'libscg-devel' 'libschily-devel' 'libschily-devel-doc' 'libschroedinger-1_0-0-32bit' 'libscilab5' 'libscintilla-devel' 'libscintilla3' 'libscratchcore0' 'libseccomp-devel' 'libseccomp-tools' 'libsecprog-devel' 'libsecprog0' 'libsecret' 'libsecret-1-0-32bit' 'libsecret-devel' 'libsecret-tools' 'libselinux-devel' 'libselinux-devel-static' 'libsemanage-devel' 'libsemanage-devel-static' 'libsensors4-devel' 'libsepol-devel' 'libsepol-devel-static' 'libserd-0-0-32bit' 'libserd-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libserd-0-devel' 'libserf-devel' 'libserializer-javadoc' 'libserialport-devel' 'libserialport0' 'libsexy' 'libsexy-devel' 'libsexy-doc' 'libsfcUtil0' 'libsfml2-2_4' 'libsfml2-2_4-32bit' 'libsgutils-devel' 'libsha1detectcoll-devel' 'libsha1detectcoll1' 'libshairplay0' 'libshairplay0-debuginfo' 'libshiboken-1_2_cpython-34m1_2' 'libshiboken-devel' 'libshiboken-python2_7-1_2' 'libshiboken-python3-devel' 'libshibsp-lite6' 'libshibsp6' 'libshine' 'libshine-debugsource' 'libshine-devel' 'libshine3-debuginfo' 'libshout-devel' 'libshout-idjc' 'libshout-idjc-debugsource' 'libshout-idjc-devel' 'libshout-idjc3' 'libshout-idjc3-debuginfo' 'libshout3-32bit' 'libshp-devel' 'libshp1' 'libsidplay1-32bit' 'libsidplay1-devel' 'libsidplayfp-devel' 'libsidplayfp3' 'libsigc++12' 'libsigc++12-devel' 'libsigc++2-devel' 'libsigc-2_0-0-32bit' 'libsignon-glib-devel' 'libsignon-glib1' 'libsignon-qt5-devel' 'libsignon-qt5-docs' 'libsigrok-data' 'libsigrok-devel' 'libsigrok2' 'libsigrokdecode-devel' 'libsigrokdecode2' 'libsigscan-devel' 'libsigscan-tools' 'libsigscan1' 'libsigsegv-devel' 'libsigsegv-doc' 'libsigsegv2' 'libskk-devel' 'libskk0' 'libskk0-32bit' 'libslang2-32bit' 'libslurm29' 'libsmartcols-devel' 'libsmartcols-devel-static' 'libsmbclient-devel' 'libsmbclient0-32bit' 'libsmbconf-devel' 'libsmbios-devel' 'libsmbios2' 'libsmbldap-devel' 'libsmdev-devel' 'libsmdev-tools' 'libsmdev1' 'libsmi-devel' 'libsmokegen-devel' 'libsmokekde-devel' 'libsmokekde3' 'libsmokeqt' 'libsmokeqt-devel' 'libsmpp34-0' 'libsmpp34-0-devel' 'libsmputils-devel' 'libsmraw-devel' 'libsmraw-tools' 'libsmraw1' 'libsnapper-devel' 'libsnappy1-32bit' 'libsndfile' 'libsndfile-devel' 'libsndfile-progs' 'libsndfile-progs' 'libsndio6_0' 'libsoc-common' 'libsoc-devel' 'libsoc2' 'libsocialweb' 'libsocialweb-branding-openSUSE' 'libsocialweb-branding-upstream' 'libsocialweb-client2' 'libsocialweb-devel' 'libsocialweb-lang' 'libsocialweb0' 'libsocketcan-devel' 'libsocketcan2' 'libsocks0-32bit' 'libsodium-devel' 'libsodium18' 'libsolarus1' 'libsolv' 'libsolv-demo' 'libsolv-devel' 'libsoprano-devel' 'libsoprano4' 'libsoprano4-32bit' 'libsord-0-0-32bit' 'libsord-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libsord-0-devel' 'libsoup' 'libsoup-2_4-1-32bit' 'libsoup-devel' 'libsoup-devel-32bit' 'libsource-highlight-devel' 'libsource-highlight4' 'libsource-highlight4-32bit' 'libsox1' 'libsox1' 'libsox1-debuginfo' 'libsox1-debugsource' 'libsox3-debuginfo' 'libsoxr-lsr0' 'libsoxr-lsr0-32bit' 'libsoxr0-32bit' 'libspandsp2-32bit' 'libspatialindex4' 'libspatialite-devel' 'libspatialite7' 'libspdylay7' 'libspectre-devel' 'libspeechd-devel' 'libspeechd2' 'libspeexdsp1-32bit' 'libspf2-2' 'libspf2-devel' 'libspf2-tools' 'libspice-client-glib-2_0-8' 'libspice-client-glib-helper' 'libspice-client-gtk-3_0-5' 'libspice-controller0' 'libspice-server-devel' 'libspice-server1' 'libspiro-devel' 'libspiro0' 'libspnav-devel' 'libspnav0' 'libspqr-2_0_1' 'libsqlcipher-3_11_0-0' 'libsratom-0-0-32bit' 'libsratom-0-0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libsratom-0-devel' 'libsrecord0' 'libsrtp-devel' 'libsrtp1-32bit' 'libsrtp2-1' 'libsrtp2-1-32bit' 'libsrtp2-devel' 'libssh-devel' 'libssh-devel-doc' 'libssh2-devel' 'libssh4-32bit' 'libssl43' 'libssl43-32bit' 'libssr-glinject' 'libssr-glinject-32bit' 'libssr-glinject-debuginfo' 'libsss_idmap-devel' 'libsss_idmap0' 'libsss_nss_idmap-devel' 'libsss_nss_idmap0' 'libsss_sudo' 'libstaroffice-devel' 'libstaroffice-devel-doc' 'libstaroffice-tools' 'libstartup-notification-1-0-32bit' 'libstatgrab-devel' 'libstatgrab-devel-32bit' 'libstatgrab6' 'libstatgrab6-32bit' 'libstdc++-devel-32bit' 'libstdc++48-devel-32bit' 'libstdc++48-doc' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc5' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc5-32bit' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc6' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc6-32bit' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc7' 'libstdc++6-devel-gcc7-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc48' 'libstdc++6-gcc48-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc48-locale' 'libstdc++6-gcc5' 'libstdc++6-gcc5-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc5-locale' 'libstdc++6-gcc6' 'libstdc++6-gcc6-32bit' 'libstdc++6-gcc6-locale' 'libstdc++6-locale' 'libstfl-devel' 'libstfl0' 'libstilview-devel' 'libstilview0' 'libstk-devel' 'libstk4' 'libstk4-debuginfo' 'libstoken1' 'libstorage-devel' 'libstorage-python' 'libstorage-testsuite' 'libstoragemgmt' 'libstoragemgmt-devel' 'libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-netapp-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-nstor-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-targetd-plugin' 'libstoragemgmt-udev' 'libstoragemgmt1' 'libstp2_1' 'libstroke' 'libstroke-devel' 'libstrophe-devel' 'libstrophe0' 'libsuil-0-0-debuginfo' 'libsunpinyin3' 'libsuperlu5' 'libsuperlu5-32bit' 'libsvn_auth_gnome_keyring-1-0' 'libsvrcore0' 'libsvrcore0-32bit' 'libsword-1_7_4' 'libswresample-2.8-devel' 'libswresample-3.2-devel' 'libswresample-devel' 'libswresample1-32bit' 'libswresample1-debuginfo' 'libswresample1-debuginfo-32bit' 'libswresample2-32bit' 'libswresample2-debuginfo' 'libswresample2-debuginfo-32bit' 'libswscale-2.8-devel' 'libswscale-3.2-devel' 'libswscale-devel' 'libswscale3-32bit' 'libswscale3-debuginfo' 'libswscale3-debuginfo-32bit' 'libswscale4-32bit' 'libswscale4-debuginfo' 'libswscale4-debuginfo-32bit' 'libsynce-devel' 'libsynce0' 'libsynctex1' 'libsynfig0' 'libsynfig0-debuginfo' 'libsynfigapp0' 'libsynfigapp0-debuginfo' 'libsysstat-qt5-0' 'libsysstat-qt5-devel' 'libsystemd0-mini' 'libt3config-devel' 'libt3config0' 'libt3highlight-devel' 'libt3highlight-utils' 'libt3highlight1' 'libt3key-devel' 'libt3key-utils' 'libt3key1' 'libt3widget-devel' 'libt3widget1' 'libt3window-devel' 'libt3window0' 'libtachyon-0_99b6' 'libtachyon-devel' 'libtag-devel' 'libtag1-32bit' 'libtag_c0-32bit' 'libtaginfo-devel' 'libtaginfo1' 'libtaginfo1-32bit' 'libtalloc-devel' 'libtar' 'libtar-devel' 'libtar1' 'libtasn1' 'libtasn1-devel-32bit' 'libtbb2' 'libtbbmalloc2' 'libtcmalloc4' 'libtcmu-devel' 'libtcmu1' 'libtcnative-1-0' 'libtcnative-1-0-devel' 'libtcti-device0' 'libtcti-socket0' 'libtdb-devel' 'libtdsodbc0' 'libteam-devel' 'libteam-tools' 'libteam5' 'libtecla_r1' 'libtelepathy-farstream3' 'libtelepathy-farstream3-32bit' 'libtelepathy-glib0-32bit' 'libtelepathy-logger-qt5' 'libtelepathy-logger3' 'libtelepathy-qt4-2' 'libtelepathy-qt4-farstream2' 'libtelepathy-qt5-0-32bit' 'libtelepathy-qt5-farstream0' 'libtelepathy-qt5-farstream0-32bit' 'libtermkey-devel' 'libtermkey1' 'libtesseract3' 'libtevent-devel' 'libtevent-util-devel' 'libtexlua52-5' 'libtexluajit2' 'libthai-devel' 'libtheora-devel' 'libtheoradec1-32bit' 'libtheoraenc1-32bit' 'libthrift-0_9_2' 'libthrift-devel' 'libthunarx-2-0' 'libtidy-0_99-0' 'libtidy-0_99-0-devel' 'libtidyp-devel' 'libtiff-devel' 'libtiff-devel-32bit' 'libtiled1' 'libtimidity-0_1-0' 'libtimidity-0_1-0-32bit' 'libtimidity-devel' 'libtinyb0' 'libtinygettext0' 'libtinyxml0' 'libtinyxml2-3' 'libtinyxml2-3-debuginfo' 'libtirpc-devel' 'libtirpc3-32bit' 'libtls15' 'libtls15-32bit' 'libtntdb-devel' 'libtntdb4' 'libtntnet-devel' 'libtntnet12' 'libtntnet12-debuginfo' 'libtokyocabinet-devel' 'libtokyocabinet9' 'libtolua++-5_1-devel' 'libtolua-devel' 'libtolua5' 'libtolua5-debuginfo' 'libtomahawk-devel' 'libtomahawk-playdarapi0_8_4' 'libtomahawk-plugins' 'libtomahawk-plugins-telepathy' 'libtomahawk-plugins-telepathy-kde' 'libtomahawk-widgets0_8_4' 'libtomahawk0_8_4' 'libtomcrypt-devel' 'libtomcrypt-examples' 'libtomcrypt0' 'libtommath-devel' 'libtommath-examples' 'libtommath1' 'libtommath1-32bit' 'libtomoe-gtk0' 'libtool' 'libtool-32bit' 'libtool-testsuite' 'libtorrent-devel' 'libtorrent-rasterbar-devel' 'libtorrent-rasterbar-doc' 'libtorrent-rasterbar9' 'libtorrent18' 'libtotem-plparser-mini18' 'libtowitoko2' 'libtpl-extensions3' 'libtpm_unseal1' 'libtpms-devel' 'libtpms0' 'libtranscript-devel' 'libtranscript1' 'libtranslate-devel' 'libtranslate-progs' 'libtranslate0' 'libtre5' 'libts-1_0-0-32bit' 'libtsan0-gcc48' 'libtsan0-gcc5' 'libtsan0-gcc6' 'libtsk10' 'libtsm-devel' 'libtsm3' 'libtspi1' 'libtspi1-32bit' 'libttf2' 'libttf2-32bit' 'libtumbler-1-0' 'libtunepimp' 'libtunepimp-devel' 'libtunepimp5' 'libtunepimp5-32bit' 'libturbojpeg0-32bit' 'libturpial' 'libtwolame-devel' 'libtwolame0-32bit' 'libtwolame0-debuginfo' 'libtwolame0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libtxc_dxtn' 'libtxc_dxtn-32bit' 'libtxc_dxtn-debuginfo' 'libtxc_dxtn-debugsource' 'libtxc_dxtn-devel' 'libu2f-host-devel' 'libu2f-host-doc' 'libu2f-host0' 'libu2f-server-devel' 'libu2f-server-doc' 'libu2f-server0' 'libubsan0' 'libubsan0-32bit' 'libubsan0-gcc5' 'libubsan0-gcc5-32bit' 'libubsan0-gcc6' 'libubsan0-gcc6-32bit' 'libuchardet-devel' 'libuchardet0-32bit' 'libuchardet0-debuginfo' 'libucil-devel' 'libucil-doc' 'libucil2' 'libucl1' 'libucl1-devel' 'libucm-devel' 'libucm0' 'libucommon7' 'libucp-devel' 'libucp0' 'libucpp13' 'libucs-devel' 'libucs0' 'libuct-devel' 'libuct0' 'libudev-devel' 'libudev-mini-devel' 'libudev-mini1' 'libudf0' 'libudf0-32bit' 'libudt0' 'libudt0-debuginfo' 'libuhd003' 'libuhttpmock-0_0-0' 'libulockmgr1' 'libuna-devel' 'libuna-tools' 'libuna1' 'libunbound-devel-mini' 'libunbound2' 'libunibilium0' 'libunibreak-devel' 'libunibreak3' 'libunicap-devel' 'libunicap2' 'libunicap2-32bit' 'libuninameslist-devel' 'libuninameslist0' 'libunique-1_0-0' 'libunique-3_0-0' 'libunique-devel' 'libunique1-devel' 'libuniraum0' 'libuniraum0-debuginfo' 'libunistring' 'libunistring-devel' 'libunistring-devel-32bit' 'libunistring0-32bit' 'libunity-gtk-parser-devel' 'libunity-gtk2-parser0' 'libunity-gtk2-parser0-32bit' 'libunity-gtk3-parser0' 'libunity-gtk3-parser0-32bit' 'libunrar-devel' 'libunrar5_5_5' 'libunshield-devel' 'libunshield1_3' 'libunwind' 'libunwind-32bit' 'libunwind-debuginfo-32bit' 'libunwind-devel' 'libunwind-devel-32bit' 'libupnp-devel' 'libupnp6-32bit' 'libupower-glib-devel' 'libupsclient1' 'liburcu-devel' 'liburcu0' 'liburfkill-glib-devel' 'liburfkill-glib0' 'liburiparser-devel' 'liburiparser1' 'liburiparser1-32bit' 'libusb-0_1-4-32bit' 'libusb-1_0-devel' 'libusb-1_0-devel-32bit' 'libusb-compat-devel' 'libusbg-devel' 'libusbg-tools' 'libusbg0' 'libusbgx-devel' 'libusbgx-tools' 'libusbgx1' 'libusbmuxd-devel' 'libusbmuxd4-32bit' 'libusbprog0' 'libusbredirhost1' 'libusbredirparser1' 'libuser' 'libuser-devel' 'libuser-lang' 'libuser-python' 'libuser1' 'libustr-devel' 'libustr-devel-static' 'libutempter0-32bit' 'libutf8proc1' 'libuuid-devel-32bit' 'libuuid-devel-static' 'libuv-devel' 'libuv1' 'libv4l-32bit' 'libv4l-devel' 'libv4l-devel-32bit' 'libv4l2rds0' 'libv4l2rds0-32bit' 'libv8-5' 'libva-devel' 'libva-devel-32bit' 'libva-drm1-32bit' 'libva-egl1-32bit' 'libva-gl-devel' 'libva-gl-devel-32bit' 'libva-glx1-32bit' 'libva-vdpau-driver' 'libva-wayland1' 'libva-wayland1-32bit' 'libva-x11-1-32bit' 'libva1-32bit' 'libvacuumutils17' 'libvala-0_32-0' 'libvala-0_32-devel' 'libvamp-hostsdk3-32bit' 'libvamp-sdk2' 'libvamp-sdk2-32bit' 'libvarnishapi1' 'libvcdinfo0-32bit' 'libvdehist0' 'libvdehist0-devel' 'libvdemgmt0' 'libvdemgmt0-devel' 'libvdeplug3' 'libvdeplug3-devel' 'libvdesnmp0' 'libvdesnmp0-devel' 'libvdpau-devel' 'libvdpau-devel-32bit' 'libvdpau1-32bit' 'libvdpau_nouveau-32bit' 'libvdpau_r300' 'libvdpau_r300-32bit' 'libvdpau_r600' 'libvdpau_r600-32bit' 'libvdpau_radeonsi' 'libvdpau_radeonsi-32bit' 'libvdpau_trace1' 'libvdpau_trace1-32bit' 'libvdpau_va_gl1' 'libvdpau_va_gl1-32bit' 'libventrilo3-0' 'libventrilo3-devel' 'libverto-devel' 'libverto-glib-devel' 'libverto-glib1' 'libverto-libev-devel' 'libverto-libev1' 'libverto-libev1-32bit' 'libverto-tevent-devel' 'libverto-tevent1' 'libvhdi-devel' 'libvhdi-tools' 'libvhdi1' 'libvidstab-devel' 'libvidstab0_9' 'libvidstab0_9-debuginfo' 'libvigraimpex5-32bit' 'libvips-devel' 'libvips42' 'libvirglrenderer0' 'libvirt' 'libvirt' 'libvirt-admin' 'libvirt-cim' 'libvirt-cim' 'libvirt-client' 'libvirt-daemon' 'libvirt-daemon-config-network' 'libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-interface' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-libxl' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-lxc' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-network' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-secret' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-uml' 'libvirt-daemon-driver-vbox' 'libvirt-daemon-hooks' 'libvirt-daemon-lxc' 'libvirt-daemon-qemu' 'libvirt-daemon-uml' 'libvirt-daemon-vbox' 'libvirt-daemon-xen' 'libvirt-devel' 'libvirt-devel-32bit' 'libvirt-doc' 'libvirt-glib-1_0-0' 'libvirt-glib-devel' 'libvirt-libs' 'libvirt-lock-sanlock' 'libvirt-nss' 'libvirt-python' 'libvirt-sandbox-1_0-5' 'libvirt-sandbox-devel' 'libvisio' 'libvisio-devel' 'libvisio-devel-doc' 'libvisio-tools' 'libvisual-32bit' 'libvisual-devel' 'libvisual-plugins' 'libvlc-gtk0' 'libvlc-gtk0-debuginfo' 'libvlc5-debuginfo' 'libvlc6' 'libvlc6-debuginfo' 'libvlccore8-debuginfo' 'libvlccore9' 'libvlccore9-debuginfo' 'libvmdk-devel' 'libvmdk-tools' 'libvmdk1' 'libvmem-devel' 'libvmem1' 'libvmime-devel' 'libvmime1' 'libvmime_zarafa7-0' 'libvmime_zarafa7-devel' 'libvmmalloc-devel' 'libvmmalloc1' 'libvmtools-devel' 'libvmtools0' 'libvncserver0' 'libvo-aacenc-devel' 'libvo-aacenc0' 'libvo-aacenc0-32bit' 'libvo-aacenc0-debuginfo' 'libvo-aacenc0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libvo-amrwbenc-devel' 'libvo-amrwbenc0' 'libvo-amrwbenc0-32bit' 'libvo-amrwbenc0-debuginfo' 'libvo-amrwbenc0-debuginfo-32bit' 'libvoikko-devel' 'libvoikko1' 'libvoikko1-32bit' 'libvolk1_3' 'libvorbis' 'libvorbis-devel' 'libvorbis-doc' 'libvotca_tools2' 'libvpd2' 'libvpd2-32bit' 'libvpd2-devel' 'libvpd2-devel-32bit' 'libvpx' 'libvpx-devel' 'libvshadow-devel' 'libvshadow-tools' 'libvshadow1' 'libvslvm-devel' 'libvslvm-tools' 'libvslvm1' 'libvsqlitepp3' 'libvte-2_91-0' 'libvte9' 'libvterm-devel' 'libvterm-tools' 'libvterm0' 'libvulkan1' 'libwacom-devel' 'libwacom-tools' 'libwacom2-32bit' 'libwaffle-1-0' 'libwaltham0' 'libwapcaplet-devel' 'libwapcaplet0' 'libwavpack1-32bit' 'libwayland-cursor0-32bit' 'libwayland-egl-devel' 'libwayland-egl1' 'libwayland-egl1-32bit' 'libwbclient-devel' 'libwbxml2-1' 'libwbxml2-devel' 'libwcs5' 'libwebcam-devel' 'libwebcam0' 'libwebkit2gtk-4_0-37-32bit' 'libwebkitgtk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libwebkitgtk-3_0-0' 'libwebkitgtk-3_0-0-32bit' 'libwebkitgtk-devel' 'libwebkitgtk3-devel' 'libwebkitgtk3-lang' 'libwebp-devel' 'libwebp-tools' 'libwebp5-32bit' 'libwebpdecoder1' 'libwebpdecoder1-32bit' 'libwebpdemux1-32bit' 'libwebpmux1-32bit' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing-devel' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing-devel-static' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1-32bit' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1-debuginfo' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1-debuginfo-32bit' 'libweed-devel' 'libweed0' 'libweed0-debuginfo' 'libwiiuse0' 'libwlc0' 'libwmf-0_2-7-32bit' 'libwmf-devel' 'libwmf-gnome' 'libwmf-gnome-32bit' 'libwmf-tools' 'libwnck-1-22' 'libwnck-1-22-32bit' 'libwnck-3-0' 'libwnck-3-0-32bit' 'libwnck-devel' 'libwnck-lang' 'libwnck-tools' 'libwnck2-devel' 'libwnck2-lang' 'libwnn0' 'libwpd' 'libwpd-devel' 'libwpd-devel-doc' 'libwpd-tools' 'libwpg-devel' 'libwpg-devel-doc' 'libwpg-tools' 'libwps' 'libwps-devel' 'libwps-tools' 'libwrc-devel' 'libwrc-tools' 'libwrc1' 'libwslay0' 'libwsman-devel' 'libwsman3' 'libwsman_clientpp-devel' 'libwsman_clientpp1' 'libwtdbomysql38' 'libwtdbopostgres38' 'libwv-1_2-3' 'libwv2-4' 'libwx_base-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_base_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_baseu-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_baseu-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_net-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_baseu_xml-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_fl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gizmos_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_media-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_mmedia-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_ogl-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_plot-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_propgrid-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_ribbon-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_richtext-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_stc-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_svg-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_webview-suse1-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-compat-lib-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-stl' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-stl-32bit' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-2_8-0-wxcontainer24c' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl1' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse-nostl3-debuginfo' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse1-32bit' 'libwxcode_gtk2u_wxsqlite3-3_0-0' 'libwxcode_gtk2u_wxsqlite3-3_0-0-debuginfo' 'libwxlua' 'libwxstedit-wx30gtk2u-1_6_0' 'libwxsvg-devel' 'libwxsvg3' 'libwxsvg3-debuginfo' 'libx264' 'libx264-148-32bit' 'libx264-148-debuginfo' 'libx264-148-debuginfo-32bit' 'libx264-debugsource' 'libx264-devel' 'libx264-x264' 'libx264-x264-debugsource' 'libx265-116-32bit' 'libx265-116-debuginfo' 'libx265-116-debuginfo-32bit' 'libx265-devel' 'libx86-1' 'libx86-devel' 'libx86-devel-static' 'libx86emu-devel' 'libxalan-c-devel' 'libxalan-c111' 'libxapian-devel' 'libxapian22-32bit' 'libxapp-devel' 'libxapp1' 'libxapp1-32bit' 'libxar-devel' 'libxar1' 'libxatracker-devel' 'libxatracker2' 'libxbsql0' 'libxcb' 'libxcb-composite0-32bit' 'libxcb-cursor0-32bit' 'libxcb-damage0-32bit' 'libxcb-devel-32bit' 'libxcb-devel-doc' 'libxcb-dpms0-32bit' 'libxcb-errors0' 'libxcb-errors0-32bit' 'libxcb-ewmh2-32bit' 'libxcb-icccm4-32bit' 'libxcb-image0-32bit' 'libxcb-keysyms1-32bit' 'libxcb-randr0-32bit' 'libxcb-record0-32bit' 'libxcb-render-util0-32bit' 'libxcb-res0-32bit' 'libxcb-screensaver0-32bit' 'libxcb-shape0-32bit' 'libxcb-util1-32bit' 'libxcb-xevie0-32bit' 'libxcb-xf86dri0-32bit' 'libxcb-xinerama0-32bit' 'libxcb-xkb1-32bit' 'libxcb-xprint0-32bit' 'libxcb-xtest0-32bit' 'libxcb-xv0-32bit' 'libxcb-xvmc0-32bit' 'libxdg-app0' 'libxdg-basedir-devel' 'libxdg-basedir1' 'libxerces-c-3_1-32bit' 'libxerces-c-devel' 'libxfce4panel-1_0-4' 'libxfce4panel-2_0-4' 'libxfce4ui-1-0' 'libxfce4ui-2-0' 'libxfce4ui-branding-openSUSE' 'libxfce4ui-branding-upstream' 'libxfce4ui-devel' 'libxfce4ui-doc' 'libxfce4ui-lang' 'libxfce4ui-tools' 'libxfce4util-devel' 'libxfce4util-lang' 'libxfce4util-tools' 'libxfce4util7' 'libxfconf-0-2' 'libxfconf-devel' 'libxflaim' 'libxflaim-devel' 'libxfsm-4_6-0' 'libxine-devel' 'libxine2' 'libxine2-32bit' 'libxine2-aa' 'libxine2-aa-debuginfo' 'libxine2-codecs' 'libxine2-debuginfo' 'libxine2-directfb' 'libxine2-directfb-debuginfo' 'libxine2-esd' 'libxine2-esd-debuginfo' 'libxine2-gnome-vfs' 'libxine2-gnome-vfs-debuginfo' 'libxine2-jack' 'libxine2-jack-debuginfo' 'libxine2-pulse' 'libxine2-pulse-debuginfo' 'libxine2-sdl' 'libxine2-sdl-debuginfo' 'libxkbcommon-devel' 'libxkbcommon-devel-32bit' 'libxkbcommon-x11-0-32bit' 'libxkbcommon-x11-devel' 'libxkbcommon-x11-devel-32bit' 'libxkbcommon0-32bit' 'libxkbfile-devel-32bit' 'libxkbfile1-32bit' 'libxkbui-devel' 'libxkbui-devel-32bit' 'libxkbui1' 'libxkbui1-32bit' 'libxklavier-devel' 'libxklavier-doc' 'libxklavier16' 'libxklavier16-32bit' 'libxmi0' 'libxml++-2_6-2' 'libxml++-2_6-2-32bit' 'libxml++-2_6-2-debuginfo' 'libxml++-devel' 'libxml++26' 'libxml++26-debugsource' 'libxml++26-devel' 'libxml-security-c-devel' 'libxml-security-c17' 'libxml2' 'libxml2-devel' 'libxml2-devel-32bit' 'libxml2-doc' 'libxmlrpc++8' 'libxmlrpc3' 'libxmlrpc_abyss3' 'libxmlrpc_client++8' 'libxmlrpc_client3' 'libxmlrpc_cpp8' 'libxmlrpc_packetsocket8' 'libxmlrpc_server++8' 'libxmlrpc_server3' 'libxmlrpc_server_abyss++8' 'libxmlrpc_server_abyss3' 'libxmlrpc_server_cgi++8' 'libxmlrpc_server_cgi3' 'libxmlrpc_server_pstream++8' 'libxmlrpc_util3' 'libxmlsec1-1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-devel' 'libxmlsec1-gcrypt-devel' 'libxmlsec1-gcrypt1' 'libxmlsec1-gcrypt1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-gnutls-devel' 'libxmlsec1-gnutls1' 'libxmlsec1-gnutls1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-nss-devel' 'libxmlsec1-nss1-debuginfo' 'libxmlsec1-openssl-devel' 'libxmlsec1-openssl1' 'libxmlsec1-openssl1-debuginfo' 'libxmltooling-devel' 'libxmltooling6' 'libxmmsclient++-glib1' 'libxmmsclient++4' 'libxmmsclient-glib1' 'libxmp-devel' 'libxmp4' 'libxnoise-devel' 'libxnoise0' 'libxpaintrw0' 'libxpaintrw0-debuginfo' 'libxplayer-plparser-mini18' 'libxplayer-plparser-mini18-32bit' 'libxplayer-plparser18' 'libxplayer-plparser18-32bit' 'libxreaderdocument3' 'libxreaderview3' 'libxshmfence-devel' 'libxslt-devel' 'libxslt-devel-32bit' 'libxslt-python' 'libxspf-devel' 'libxspf4' 'libxtables-devel' 'libxtract-devel' 'libxtract0' 'libxtract0' 'libxtract0-debuginfo' 'libxtract0-debugsource' 'libxvidcore-devel' 'libxvidcore4-32bit' 'libxvidcore4-debuginfo' 'libxvidcore4-debuginfo-32bit' 'libxy3' 'libyajl-devel' 'libyajl-devel-32bit' 'libyajl-devel-static' 'libyajl2-32bit' 'libyami-devel' 'libyami-utils' 'libyami1' 'libyaml-cpp0_5' 'libyaml-devel' 'libyara-devel' 'libyara3' 'libyaz-devel' 'libyaz-devel-32bit' 'libyaz5' 'libyaz5-32bit' 'libyelp0' 'libykclient-devel' 'libykclient3' 'libykneomgr-devel' 'libykneomgr-doc' 'libykneomgr0' 'libykpers-1-1' 'libykpers-devel' 'libykpiv-devel' 'libykpiv1' 'libyubikey-devel' 'libyubikey-tools' 'libyubikey0' 'libyui-devel' 'libyui-doc' 'libyui-ncurses-devel' 'libyui-ncurses-doc' 'libyui-ncurses-pkg-devel' 'libyui-ncurses-pkg-doc' 'libyui-qt' 'libyui-qt-devel' 'libyui-qt-doc' 'libyui-qt-doc' 'libyui-qt-graph-devel' 'libyui-qt-graph-doc' 'libyui-qt-pkg-devel' 'libyui-qt-pkg-doc' 'libz3-4_5' 'libzapojit-0_0-0' 'libzapojit-devel' 'libzbar-devel' 'libzbar0-32bit' 'libzbargtk-devel' 'libzbargtk0' 'libzbargtk0-32bit' 'libzbarqt-devel' 'libzbarqt0' 'libzbarqt0-32bit' 'libzbc-devel' 'libzbc-gui' 'libzbc-tools' 'libzbc2' 'libzebra1' 'libzeitgeist-1_0-1' 'libzeitgeist-1_0-1-32bit' 'libzeitgeist-2_0-0' 'libzeitgeist-devel' 'libzen' 'libzen-debugsource' 'libzen-devel' 'libzen0-32bit' 'libzen0-debuginfo' 'libzhuyin-data' 'libzhuyin-devel' 'libzhuyin7' 'libzimg' 'libzimg-debugsource' 'libzimg-devel' 'libzimg2' 'libzimg2-debuginfo' 'libzinnia0' 'libzio-devel' 'libzio1-32bit' 'libzip' 'libzip' 'libzip-devel' 'libzip2-32bit' 'libzipios0' 'libzipios0-debuginfo' 'libzmf' 'libzmf-devel' 'libzmf-devel-doc' 'libzmf-tools' 'libzmq5' 'libzn_poly-0_9' 'libzopfli-devel' 'libzopfli1' 'libzopflipng1' 'libzrtpcpp' 'libzrtpcpp-debugsource' 'libzrtpcpp-devel' 'libzrtpcpp4' 'libzrtpcpp4-debuginfo' 'libzsolve0' 'libzstd-devel' 'libzstd-devel-static' 'libzstd1' 'libzvbi0-32bit' 'libzypp' 'libzypp-devel' 'libzypp-devel-doc' 'libzypp-plugin-appdata' 'libzypp-testsuite-tools' 'libzzip-0-13' 'libzzip-0-13-32bit' 'licq' 'licq-devel' 'licq-kde4-gui' 'licq-lang' 'licq-qt4-gui' 'licq-qt4-gui-data' 'lifecycle-data' 'lifelines' 'liferea' 'liferea-lang' 'light-locker' 'light-locker-lang' 'lightdm' 'lightdm-gobject-devel' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter-branding-openSUSE' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter-branding-upstream' 'lightdm-gtk-greeter-lang' 'lightdm-lang' 'lightdm-qt-devel' 'lightdm-qt5-devel' 'lightdm-slick-greeter' 'lightdm-slick-greeter-branding-openSUSE' 'lightdm-slick-greeter-branding-upstream' 'lightdm-slick-greeter-lang' 'lightsoff' 'lightsoff-lang' 'lightspark' 'lightspark' 'lightspark-debuginfo' 'lightspark-debugsource' 'lightspark-lang' 'lightspark-plugin' 'lightspark-plugin-debuginfo' 'lighttpd' 'lighttpd-mod_authn_gssapi' 'lighttpd-mod_authn_ldap' 'lighttpd-mod_authn_mysql' 'lighttpd-mod_cml' 'lighttpd-mod_geoip' 'lighttpd-mod_magnet' 'lighttpd-mod_mysql_vhost' 'lighttpd-mod_rrdtool' 'lighttpd-mod_trigger_b4_dl' 'lighttpd-mod_webdav' 'lilo' 'lilv' 'lilv' 'lilypond' 'lilypond-century-schoolbook-l-fonts' 'lilypond-doc' 'lilypond-doc-cs' 'lilypond-doc-de' 'lilypond-doc-es' 'lilypond-doc-fr' 'lilypond-doc-hu' 'lilypond-doc-it' 'lilypond-doc-ja' 'lilypond-doc-nl' 'lilypond-doc-zh' 'lilypond-emmentaler-fonts' 'lilypond-fonts-common' 'link-grammar' 'link-grammar-devel' 'linkchecker' 'linkloop' 'links' 'linphone' 'linphone' 'linphone-debuginfo' 'linphone-debugsource' 'linphone-devel' 'linphone-lang' 'linux-atm' 'linux-atm-devel' 'linux-ftools' 'linux-libertine-fonts' 'linux32' 'linux_pcnfsd2' 'linuxptp' 'linuxrc' 'linuxrc-devtools' 'linuxsampler' 'linuxsampler' 'linuxsampler-debuginfo' 'linuxsampler-debugsource' 'linuxsampler-doc' 'linuxvnc' 'lio-mibs' 'lio-utils' 'lirc-config' 'lirc-core' 'lirc-devel' 'lirc-disable-kernel-rc' 'lirc-drv-portaudio' 'lirc-tools-gui' 'listres' 'lit' 'litetran' 'littleb-devel' 'littleb-examples' 'littlewizard' 'littlewizard-devel' 'littlewizard-examples' 'live-fat-stick' 'live-grub-stick' 'live-usb-gui' 'live555-devel' 'liveMedia' 'liveMedia' 'liveMedia-debuginfo' 'liveMedia-debugsource' 'livedtd' 'livestreamer' 'lklug-fonts' 'lksctp-tools' 'lksctp-tools-devel' 'llcbench' 'lldb' 'lldpd' 'lldpd' 'lldpd-devel' 'llmnrd' 'llvm' 'llvm-clang-devel' 'llvm-devel' 'llvm-vim-plugins' 'lmarbles' 'lmdb' 'lmdb-devel' 'lmicc-account' 'lmicc-bin' 'lmicc-hardware' 'lmicc-libs' 'lmicc-network' 'lmicc-overview' 'lmicc-service' 'lmicc-software' 'lmms' 'lmms-debuginfo' 'lmms-debugsource' 'lmms-devel' 'lndir' 'lockdev-devel' 'log4cplus-devel' 'log4cpp' 'log4cpp-debugsource' 'log4cpp-devel' 'log4cpp-doc' 'log4j' 'log4j-javadoc' 'log4j-manual' 'log4j-mini' 'log4net' 'logdigest' 'logrotate' 'logstalgia' 'logtail' 'logwarn' 'logwarn-nagios-plugin' 'logwatch' 'lokalize' 'lokalize-lang' 'lollypop' 'lollypop-portal' 'lomoco' 'lomt-blackout-fonts' 'lomt-chunk-fonts' 'lomt-fanwood-fonts' 'lomt-goudybookletter-fonts' 'lomt-junction-fonts' 'lomt-knewave-fonts' 'lomt-leaguegothic-fonts' 'lomt-lindenhill-fonts' 'lomt-orbitron-fonts' 'lomt-ostrichsans-fonts' 'lomt-prociono-fonts' 'lomt-script1-fonts' 'lomt-sniglet-fonts' 'lomt-sortsmillgoudy-fonts' 'lonote' 'loook' 'loudmouth-devel' 'loudmouth-doc' 'love' 'love' 'love-0_7_2' 'love-debuginfo' 'love-debugsource' 'lowpan-tools' 'lowpan-tools-devel' 'lowpan-tools-tests' 'lpairs' 'lpe' 'lprof' 'lpsolve' 'lpsolve-devel' 'lrcShow-X' 'lrcShow-X-lang' 'lrzip' 'lsb' 'lsdvd' 'lsdvd' 'lsdvd-debuginfo' 'lsdvd-debugsource' 'lshw' 'lshw-gui' 'lskat' 'lsscsi' 'lswm' 'lsyncd' 'ltrace' 'ltrace-32bit' 'lttng-modules' 'lttng-modules-kmp-default' 'lttng-tools' 'lttng-tools-devel' 'lttng-ust' 'lttng-ust-devel' 'lttng-ust-docs' 'ltxml' 'ltxml-devel' 'lua-devel' 'lua-doc' 'lua-lgi' 'lua-lgi-doc' 'lua-libguestfs' 'lua-libprelude' 'lua-lmod' 'lua-lmod-doc' 'lua-luafilesystem' 'lua-luaposix' 'lua-luaposix-doc' 'lua-luaterm' 'lua-rrdtool' 'lua51' 'lua51-BitOp' 'lua51-BitOp-doc' 'lua51-LPeg' 'lua51-LPeg-doc' 'lua51-MessagePack' 'lua51-devel' 'lua51-doc' 'lua51-luaexpat' 'lua51-luafilesystem' 'lua51-luajit' 'lua51-luajit-devel' 'lua51-luasec' 'lua51-luasocket' 'lua51-mpack' 'luabind-devel' 'lucene++-devel' 'lugaru' 'lugaru-data' 'luvcview' 'lv' 'lv2' 'lv2-calf' 'lv2-calf-debuginfo' 'lv2-devel' 'lv2-examples' 'lv2-guitarix' 'lv2-linuxsampler' 'lv2-linuxsampler-debuginfo' 'lvm2' 'lvm2-clvm' 'lvm2-cmirrord' 'lvm2-devel' 'lxappearance' 'lxappearance-devel' 'lxappearance-lang' 'lxappearance-obconf' 'lxappearance-obconf-lang' 'lxc' 'lxc' 'lxc-devel' 'lxcc' 'lxde' 'lxde-common' 'lxde-common-branding-openSUSE' 'lxde-common-branding-upstream' 'lxdm' 'lxdvdrip' 'lxdvdrip' 'lxdvdrip-debuginfo' 'lxdvdrip-debugsource' 'lximage-qt' 'lximage-qt-lang' 'lxinput' 'lxinput-lang' 'lxlauncher' 'lxmenu-data' 'lxmusic' 'lxmusic-lang' 'lxpanel' 'lxpanel-devel' 'lxpanel-lang' 'lxpanel-plugin-power-manager' 'lxqt' 'lxqt-about' 'lxqt-about-lang' 'lxqt-admin-lang' 'lxqt-build-tools-devel' 'lxqt-common' 'lxqt-config' 'lxqt-config-lang' 'lxqt-globalkeys' 'lxqt-globalkeys-devel' 'lxqt-globalkeys-lang' 'lxqt-l10n' 'lxqt-notificationd' 'lxqt-notificationd-lang' 'lxqt-openssh-askpass' 'lxqt-openssh-askpass-lang' 'lxqt-panel' 'lxqt-panel-devel' 'lxqt-panel-lang' 'lxqt-policykit' 'lxqt-policykit-lang' 'lxqt-powermanagement' 'lxqt-powermanagement-lang' 'lxqt-qtplugin' 'lxqt-runner' 'lxqt-runner-lang' 'lxqt-session' 'lxqt-session-lang' 'lxqt-sudo' 'lxqt-sudo-lang' 'lxqt-theme-openSUSE-default' 'lxqt-theme-openSUSE-leaper' 'lxqt-theme-openSUSE-light' 'lxrandr' 'lxrandr-lang' 'lxsession' 'lxshortcut' 'lxtask' 'lxtask-lang' 'lxterminal' 'lxterminal' 'lxterminal-lang' 'lynis' 'lynx' 'lyx' 'lz4' 'lzfse' 'lzip' 'lziprecover' 'lzlib-devel' 'lzo-devel' 'lzo-devel-32bit' 'lzop' 'm17n-db' 'm17n-lib' 'm17n-lib-devel' 'mISDNuser' 'mISDNuser-devel' 'mac' 'mac-debuginfo' 'mac-robber' 'macchanger' 'machinery' 'machinery' 'machinery-doc' 'macrofusion' 'macrofusion' 'madplay' 'madplay' 'madplay-debuginfo' 'madplay-debugsource' 'madplay-lang' 'maelstrom' 'mail_server' 'mailcommon-devel' 'mailgraph' 'mailimporter-devel' 'mailman' 'mailnag' 'mailsync' 'mairix' 'makedepend' 'makedev' 'makedumpfile' 'makedumpfile' 'makeinfo4' 'makemkv' 'makemkv' 'makeself' 'makewhat' 'malaga' 'malaga-suomi' 'mame' 'mame' 'mame-arcade' 'mame-arcade-debuginfo' 'mame-data' 'mame-debuginfo' 'mame-debugsource' 'mame-mess' 'mame-mess-debuginfo' 'mame-tools' 'mame-tools-debuginfo' 'man-pages-de' 'man-pages-de' 'man-pages-fr' 'man-pages-fr-extra' 'man-pages-ja' 'man-pages-zh_CN' 'manchu-fonts' 'mandvd' 'mandvd' 'mandvd-debuginfo' 'mandvd-debugsource' 'mangler' 'mango-doc' 'manpageeditor' 'marble-devel' 'marble-qt' 'marco' 'marco-devel' 'marco-lang' 'marco-themes' 'mariadb' 'mariadb-bench' 'mariadb-test' 'mariadb-tools' 'marisa' 'marisa-devel' 'markdown-unlit' 'mate' 'mate-applet-appmenu' 'mate-applet-dock' 'mate-applet-indicator' 'mate-applet-indicator-lang' 'mate-applet-sensors' 'mate-applet-sensors-devel' 'mate-applet-sensors-lang' 'mate-applet-softupd' 'mate-applet-softupd-lang' 'mate-applets' 'mate-applets-lang' 'mate-backgrounds' 'mate-backgrounds-lang' 'mate-calc' 'mate-calc-lang' 'mate-common' 'mate-control-center' 'mate-control-center-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-control-center-branding-upstream' 'mate-control-center-devel' 'mate-control-center-lang' 'mate-desktop' 'mate-desktop-devel' 'mate-desktop-gschemas' 'mate-desktop-gschemas-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-desktop-gschemas-branding-upstream' 'mate-desktop-lang' 'mate-dictionary' 'mate-disk-usage-analyzer' 'mate-icon-theme' 'mate-icon-theme-faenza' 'mate-icon-theme-faenza-dark' 'mate-icon-theme-faenza-gray' 'mate-media' 'mate-media-lang' 'mate-menu' 'mate-menu-lang' 'mate-menus' 'mate-menus-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-menus-branding-upstream' 'mate-menus-devel' 'mate-menus-lang' 'mate-netbook' 'mate-netbook-lang' 'mate-notification-daemon' 'mate-notification-daemon-lang' 'mate-panel' 'mate-panel-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-panel-branding-upstream' 'mate-panel-devel' 'mate-panel-lang' 'mate-polkit' 'mate-polkit-devel' 'mate-polkit-lang' 'mate-power-manager' 'mate-power-manager-lang' 'mate-screensaver' 'mate-screensaver-devel' 'mate-screensaver-lang' 'mate-screenshot' 'mate-search-tool' 'mate-session-manager' 'mate-session-manager-branding-openSUSE' 'mate-session-manager-branding-upstream' 'mate-session-manager-gschemas' 'mate-session-manager-lang' 'mate-settings-daemon' 'mate-settings-daemon-devel' 'mate-settings-daemon-lang' 'mate-system-log' 'mate-system-monitor' 'mate-system-monitor-lang' 'mate-terminal' 'mate-terminal-lang' 'mate-themes' 'mate-tweak' 'mate-tweak-lang' 'mate-user-guide' 'mate-user-guide-lang' 'mate-user-share' 'mate-user-share-lang' 'mate-utils-common-lang' 'mate_basis' 'matekbd-common' 'mateweather-common' 'mathgl-cgi' 'mathgl-devel' 'mathgl-devel-static' 'mathgl-doc' 'mathgl-doc-pdf' 'mathgl-doc-ru' 'mathgl-examples' 'mathgl-fonts' 'mathgl-lua' 'mathgl-tex' 'mathgl-tex-doc' 'mathgl-tools' 'mathjax' 'mathjax-ams-fonts' 'mathjax-caligraphic-fonts' 'mathjax-fraktur-fonts' 'mathjax-main-fonts' 'mathjax-math-fonts' 'mathjax-sansserif-fonts' 'mathjax-script-fonts' 'mathjax-size1-fonts' 'mathjax-size2-fonts' 'mathjax-size3-fonts' 'mathjax-size4-fonts' 'mathjax-typewriter-fonts' 'mathjax-winchrome-fonts' 'mathjax-winie6-fonts' 'mathml-dtd' 'mathomatic' 'mathomatic-devel' 'matio-tools' 'matthewlib-java' 'matthewlib-java-javadoc' 'mawk' 'maxima' 'maxima-exec-clisp' 'maxima-lang-de-utf8' 'maxima-lang-es-utf8' 'maxima-lang-pt-utf8' 'maxima-lang-pt_BR-utf8' 'maxima-xmaxima' 'maya-calendar' 'maya-calendar-devel' 'maya-calendar-lang' 'mbedtls' 'mbedtls-devel' 'mbimcli-bash-completion' 'mbrola' 'mbrola' 'mbrola-de1' 'mbrola-de1' 'mbrola-de2' 'mbrola-de2' 'mbrola-de3' 'mbrola-de3' 'mbrola-de4' 'mbrola-de4' 'mbrola-de5' 'mbrola-de5' 'mbrola-de6' 'mbrola-de6' 'mbrola-de7' 'mbrola-de7' 'mbrola-de8' 'mbrola-de8' 'mbrola-debuginfo' 'mbrola-debugsource' 'mbuffer' 'mc' 'mc-lang' 'mcabber' 'mcabber-devel' 'mcpp' 'mcpp-devel' 'mcrypt' 'mcstrans' 'md_monitor' 'mdbtools' 'mdbtools-devel' 'mdbtools-gui' 'mdds-1_0-devel' 'mdds-1_2' 'mdds-1_2-devel' 'mdds-devel' 'mdf2iso' 'mdf2iso' 'mdf2iso-debuginfo' 'mdf2iso-debugsource' 'mdtest' 'me-tv' 'me-tv' 'me-tv-debuginfo' 'me-tv-debugsource' 'me-tv-lang' 'meanwhile-devel' 'meanwhile-doc' 'med' 'med' 'med-debuginfo' 'med-debugsource' 'med-devel' 'mediainfo' 'mediainfo-debuginfo' 'mediainfo-debugsource' 'mediainfo-gui' 'mediainfo-gui-debuginfo' 'mediastreamer2' 'mediastreamer2' 'mediastreamer2-debuginfo' 'mediastreamer2-debugsource' 'mediastreamer2-devel' 'mediastreamer2-lang' 'mediatomb' 'mediatomb' 'mediatomb-debugsource' 'mediatomb-mysql' 'mediatomb-mysql-debuginfo' 'mediatomb-sqlite' 'mediatomb-sqlite-debuginfo' 'mednafen' 'meep' 'meep-devel' 'meld' 'meld-lang' 'melt' 'melt6' 'melt6-debuginfo' 'memcached' 'memcached-devel' 'memkind' 'memkind-devel' 'memphis-devel' 'memprof' 'memprof-lang' 'memtest86+' 'menu-cache' 'menu-cache-devel' 'mercurial' 'mercurial' 'mercurial-lang' 'meslo-lg-fonts' 'meson' 'meson-tools' 'messagelib' 'messagelib-devel' 'metacity' 'metacity-devel' 'metacity-lang' 'metacity-tools' 'metatheme-ambiance-common' 'metatheme-ambiant-mate-common' 'metatheme-arc-common' 'metatheme-bluebird-common' 'metatheme-elementary-common' 'metatheme-greybird-common' 'metatheme-numix-common' 'metatheme-paper-common' 'metatheme-radiance-common' 'metatheme-radiant-mate-common' 'metatheme-sonar-common' 'metatheme-vertex-common' 'metatheme-yuyo-common' 'meterbridge' 'metis' 'metis-devel' 'metis-doc' 'mfoc' 'mfsm' 'mftrace' 'mgdiff' 'mgetty' 'mgopen-fonts' 'mgp' 'mhash-devel' 'mhtml-firefox' 'miam-player' 'miam-player' 'miam-player-debuginfo' 'miam-player-debugsource' 'miam-player-devel' 'miao-fonts' 'microspdy2http' 'midori' 'midori-branding-openSUSE' 'midori-branding-upstream' 'midori-devel' 'midori-lang' 'mii-tool' 'mii-tool' 'mii-tool-debuginfo' 'mii-tool-debugsource' 'mikachan-fonts' 'miller' 'mined' 'minetest' 'minetest-data' 'minetest-game' 'minetest-lang' 'minetestserver' 'mingetty' 'mingzat-fonts' 'minicom' 'minicom' 'minicom-lang' 'minidlna' 'minidlna' 'minidlna-debuginfo' 'minidlna-debugsource' 'mininet' 'mininews' 'minisat' 'minisat-devel' 'minitube' 'minitube-lang' 'miniupnpc' 'minizip-devel' 'minuet' 'mipv6d' 'miro' 'miro' 'miro-debuginfo' 'miro-debugsource' 'mirovideoconverter' 'mirovideoconverter' 'mirror' 'mirrormagic' 'misc_server' 'mixxx' 'mixxx' 'mixxx-1-11' 'mixxx-1-11' 'mixxx-1-11-debuginfo' 'mixxx-1-11-debugsource' 'mixxx-debuginfo' 'mixxx-debugsource' 'mixxx-unstable' 'mixxx-unstable' 'mixxx-unstable-debuginfo' 'mixxx-unstable-debugsource' 'mjpegtools' 'mjpegtools-debuginfo' 'mjpegtools-debugsource' 'mjpegtools-orig-addon' 'mjpegtools-orig-addon-debuginfo' 'mk-configure' 'mk-configure-doc' 'mkcomposecache' 'mkdud' 'mkelfImage' 'mksh' 'mksusecd' 'mktorrent' 'mktorrent' 'mktorrent-debuginfo' 'mktorrent-debugsource' 'mkvtoolnix' 'mkvtoolnix' 'mkvtoolnix-gui' 'mlmmj' 'mlmmj' 'mmc-utils' 'mmdblookup' 'mmv' 'moarvm' 'moarvm-devel' 'mobipocket-devel' 'moc' 'moc' 'moc-debuginfo' 'moc-debugsource' 'modem-manager-gui' 'modem-manager-gui-lang' 'modglue-devel' 'moe' 'moinmoin-wiki' 'moka-icon-theme' 'monapo-fonts' 'moneyplex-daten' 'moneyplex-suse' 'mongodb' 'mongodb' 'mongodb-mongoperf' 'mongodb-mongos' 'mongodb-server' 'mongodb-shell' 'mongolian-fonts' 'monit' 'monit' 'monit-doc' 'monitoring-plugins' 'monitoring-plugins-all' 'monitoring-plugins-bind' 'monitoring-plugins-bonding' 'monitoring-plugins-breeze' 'monitoring-plugins-by_ssh' 'monitoring-plugins-clamav' 'monitoring-plugins-cluster' 'monitoring-plugins-common' 'monitoring-plugins-contentage' 'monitoring-plugins-cups' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi-mysql' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi-pgsql' 'monitoring-plugins-dbi-sqlite3' 'monitoring-plugins-dhcp' 'monitoring-plugins-dig' 'monitoring-plugins-disk' 'monitoring-plugins-disk_smb' 'monitoring-plugins-diskio' 'monitoring-plugins-dns' 'monitoring-plugins-dummy' 'monitoring-plugins-extras' 'monitoring-plugins-fail2ban' 'monitoring-plugins-file_age' 'monitoring-plugins-flexlm' 'monitoring-plugins-fping' 'monitoring-plugins-haproxy' 'monitoring-plugins-hpjd' 'monitoring-plugins-http' 'monitoring-plugins-icmp' 'monitoring-plugins-ide_smart' 'monitoring-plugins-ifoperstatus' 'monitoring-plugins-ifstatus' 'monitoring-plugins-ipmi-sensor1' 'monitoring-plugins-ircd' 'monitoring-plugins-ldap' 'monitoring-plugins-load' 'monitoring-plugins-log' 'monitoring-plugins-mailq' 'monitoring-plugins-mailstat' 'monitoring-plugins-mem' 'monitoring-plugins-metadata' 'monitoring-plugins-mrtg' 'monitoring-plugins-mrtgtraf' 'monitoring-plugins-mysql' 'monitoring-plugins-mysql_health' 'monitoring-plugins-nagios' 'monitoring-plugins-nis' 'monitoring-plugins-nrpe' 'monitoring-plugins-nt' 'monitoring-plugins-ntp_peer' 'monitoring-plugins-ntp_time' 'monitoring-plugins-nwstat' 'monitoring-plugins-openvpn' 'monitoring-plugins-oracle' 'monitoring-plugins-overcr' 'monitoring-plugins-pgsql' 'monitoring-plugins-ping' 'monitoring-plugins-procs' 'monitoring-plugins-qlogic_sanbox' 'monitoring-plugins-radius' 'monitoring-plugins-real' 'monitoring-plugins-repomd' 'monitoring-plugins-rpc' 'monitoring-plugins-rsync' 'monitoring-plugins-sar-perf' 'monitoring-plugins-sensors' 'monitoring-plugins-sentry3' 'monitoring-plugins-sip' 'monitoring-plugins-smart' 'monitoring-plugins-smtp' 'monitoring-plugins-snmp' 'monitoring-plugins-ssh' 'monitoring-plugins-swap' 'monitoring-plugins-tcp' 'monitoring-plugins-tftp' 'monitoring-plugins-time' 'monitoring-plugins-traffic_limit' 'monitoring-plugins-ups' 'monitoring-plugins-users' 'monitoring-plugins-wave' 'monitoring-plugins-zypper' 'monitoring-plugins-zypper' 'monitoring-tools' 'mono-addins-devel' 'mono-addins-msbuild' 'mono-basic' 'mono-complete' 'mono-data-oracle' 'mono-debugger' 'mono-devel' 'mono-locale-extras' 'mono-nat' 'mono-nat-devel' 'mono-nuget' 'mono-nuget-devel' 'mono-nunit' 'mono-qt4' 'mono-qt4-devel' 'mono-reactive' 'mono-uia' 'mono-uia-devel' 'mono-upnp' 'mono-upnp-devel' 'mono-zeroconf' 'mono-zeroconf-devel' 'mono-zeroconf-doc' 'mono-zeroconf-provider-avahi' 'monodoc-core' 'moodbar' 'moodbar-devel' 'mopac7' 'moreutils' 'moreutils-parallel' 'morituri' 'mosh' 'most' 'motif' 'motif-devel' 'motif-devel-32bit' 'motion' 'motion' 'motion-debuginfo' 'motion-debugsource' 'motion-doc' 'motoya-lcedar-fonts' 'motoya-lmaru-fonts' 'motv' 'mousepad' 'mousepad-lang' 'mousetweaks' 'mousetweaks-lang' 'moviethumbnailer' 'moviethumbnailer' 'movit' 'movit-data' 'movit-debugsource' 'movit-devel' 'mozaddon-bugmenot' 'mozaddon-devel' 'mozc' 'mozc-gui-tools' 'mozilla-jss' 'mozilla-jss-javadoc' 'mozilla-nspr-devel' 'mozilla-nss' 'mozilla-nss-devel' 'mozilla-nss-sysinit' 'mozilla-nss-sysinit-32bit' 'mozilla-nss-tools' 'mozjs17' 'mozjs17-devel' 'mozjs24' 'mozjs24-devel' 'mozjs38' 'mozjs38' 'mozjs38-devel' 'mozldap-devel' 'mozldap-libs' 'mozldap-tools' 'mozo' 'mozo-lang' 'mp' 'mp' 'mp-debuginfo' 'mp-debugsource' 'mp3_check' 'mp3_check' 'mp3_check-debuginfo' 'mp3_check-debugsource' 'mp3blaster' 'mp3blaster' 'mp3blaster-debuginfo' 'mp3blaster-debugsource' 'mp3diags' 'mp3diags' 'mp3diags-debuginfo' 'mp3diags-debugsource' 'mp3diags-unstable' 'mp3diags-unstable' 'mp3diags-unstable-debuginfo' 'mp3diags-unstable-debugsource' 'mp3gain' 'mp3gain' 'mp3gain-debuginfo' 'mp3gain-debugsource' 'mp3info' 'mp3info' 'mp3info-debuginfo' 'mp3info-debugsource' 'mp3splt' 'mp3splt' 'mp3splt-debuginfo' 'mp3splt-debugsource' 'mp3val' 'mp3val' 'mp3val-debuginfo' 'mp3val-debugsource' 'mp3wrap' 'mp3wrap' 'mp3wrap-debuginfo' 'mp3wrap-debugsource' 'mp4als' 'mp4als' 'mp4als-debuginfo' 'mpc-devel' 'mpc-devel-32bit' 'mpclient' 'mpclient' 'mpclient-debuginfo' 'mpclient-debugsource' 'mpd' 'mpd' 'mpd-debuginfo' 'mpd-debugsource' 'mpeg2dec' 'mpeg2dec-debuginfo' 'mpeg2demux' 'mpeg2demux-debuginfo' 'mpeg4ip' 'mpeg4ip' 'mpeg4ip-debuginfo' 'mpeg4ip-debugsource' 'mpfc' 'mpfc' 'mpfc-debuginfo' 'mpfc-debugsource' 'mpfi-devel' 'mpfr-devel' 'mpfr-devel-32bit' 'mpg123' 'mpg123' 'mpg123-debuginfo' 'mpg123-debugsource' 'mpg123-devel' 'mpg123-devel-32bit' 'mpg123-esound-32bit' 'mpg123-esound-debuginfo' 'mpg123-esound-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-jack' 'mpg123-jack-32bit' 'mpg123-jack-debuginfo' 'mpg123-jack-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-openal-32bit' 'mpg123-openal-debuginfo' 'mpg123-openal-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-portaudio' 'mpg123-portaudio-32bit' 'mpg123-portaudio-debuginfo' 'mpg123-portaudio-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-pulse-32bit' 'mpg123-pulse-debuginfo' 'mpg123-pulse-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpg123-sdl' 'mpg123-sdl-32bit' 'mpg123-sdl-debuginfo' 'mpg123-sdl-debuginfo-32bit' 'mpgtx' 'mpgtx' 'mpi-selector' 'mpitests' 'mpitests-mvapich2' 'mpitests-mvapich2-psm' 'mpitests-openmpi' 'mplus-fonts' 'mppenc' 'mppenc' 'mppenc-debuginfo' 'mppenc-debugsource' 'mpt-firmware' 'mpv' 'mpv' 'mpv-bash-completion' 'mpv-debuginfo' 'mpv-devel' 'mpv-zsh-completion' 'mr' 'mraa' 'mraa-devel' 'mraa-examples' 'mrrescue' 'mrsh' 'mrsh-rsh-compat' 'mrsh-rsh-server-compat' 'mrsh-server' 'mrtg' 'mrtg-doc' 'ms-sys' 'ms-sys' 'ms-sys-debuginfo' 'ms-sys-debugsource' 'mscgen' 'msgpack-devel' 'msitools' 'msitools-debuginfo' 'msitools-debugsource' 'msitools-devel' 'msmtp' 'msmtp-doc' 'msmtp-mta' 'msr-tools' 'mstflint' 'mt_st' 'mtd-utils' 'mtdev' 'mtdev-devel' 'mtools-doc' 'mtools-floppyd' 'mtp-tools' 'mtpaint' 'mtpaint-handbook' 'mtpaint-lang' 'mtpfs' 'mtpfs' 'mtpfs-debuginfo' 'mtpfs-debugsource' 'mtr' 'mtr-gtk' 'mtree' 'mtx' 'muffin' 'muffin-devel' 'muffin-lang' 'multipath-tools' 'multipath-tools' 'multipath-tools-devel' 'multitail' 'mumble' 'mumble-32bit' 'mumble-server' 'munge' 'munge-devel' 'munge-devel-32bit' 'munin' 'munin-node' 'muparser-devel' 'muparser-devel-32bit' 'mupdf' 'mupdf' 'mupdf-devel-static' 'mupen64plus' 'mupen64plus-debugsource' 'mupen64plus-plugin-audio-sdl' 'mupen64plus-plugin-audio-sdl-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-input-sdl' 'mupen64plus-plugin-input-sdl-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-rsp-hle' 'mupen64plus-plugin-rsp-hle-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-glide64mk2' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-glide64mk2-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-rice' 'mupen64plus-plugin-video-rice-debuginfo' 'mupen64plus-ui-console' 'mupen64plus-ui-console-debuginfo' 'muroar' 'muroar' 'muroar-debuginfo' 'muroar-debugsource' 'muroar-devel' 'muroard' 'muroard' 'muroard-debuginfo' 'muroard-debugsource' 'muroard-devel' 'mutt' 'mutt-doc' 'mutt-lang' 'mutter' 'mutter-data' 'mutter-devel' 'mutter-lang' 'mvapich2' 'mvapich2' 'mvapich2-devel' 'mvapich2-devel-static' 'mvapich2-psm' 'mvapich2-psm' 'mvapich2-psm-devel' 'mvapich2-psm-devel-static' 'mvapich2-psm2' 'mvapich2-psm2' 'mvapich2-psm2-devel' 'mvapich2-psm2-devel-static' 'mvapich2-testsuite' 'mx4j' 'mxml' 'mxml-devel' 'mybashburn' 'mybashburn' 'mylvmbackup' 'myspell-af_NA' 'myspell-af_ZA' 'myspell-an' 'myspell-an_ES' 'myspell-ar' 'myspell-ar_AE' 'myspell-ar_BH' 'myspell-ar_DZ' 'myspell-ar_EG' 'myspell-ar_IQ' 'myspell-ar_JO' 'myspell-ar_KW' 'myspell-ar_LB' 'myspell-ar_LY' 'myspell-ar_MA' 'myspell-ar_OM' 'myspell-ar_QA' 'myspell-ar_SA' 'myspell-ar_SD' 'myspell-ar_SY' 'myspell-ar_TN' 'myspell-ar_YE' 'myspell-be_BY' 'myspell-bg_BG' 'myspell-bn_BD' 'myspell-bn_IN' 'myspell-bo' 'myspell-bo_CN' 'myspell-bo_IN' 'myspell-br_FR' 'myspell-bs' 'myspell-bs_BA' 'myspell-ca' 'myspell-ca_AD' 'myspell-ca_ES' 'myspell-ca_ES_valencia' 'myspell-ca_FR' 'myspell-ca_IT' 'myspell-cs_CZ' 'myspell-da_DK' 'myspell-de' 'myspell-de_AT' 'myspell-de_CH' 'myspell-de_DE' 'myspell-dictionaries' 'myspell-el_GR' 'myspell-en_AU' 'myspell-en_BS' 'myspell-en_BZ' 'myspell-en_CA' 'myspell-en_GB' 'myspell-en_GH' 'myspell-en_IE' 'myspell-en_IN' 'myspell-en_JM' 'myspell-en_MW' 'myspell-en_NA' 'myspell-en_NZ' 'myspell-en_PH' 'myspell-en_TT' 'myspell-en_ZA' 'myspell-en_ZW' 'myspell-es' 'myspell-es_AR' 'myspell-es_BO' 'myspell-es_CL' 'myspell-es_CO' 'myspell-es_CR' 'myspell-es_CU' 'myspell-es_DO' 'myspell-es_EC' 'myspell-es_ES' 'myspell-es_GT' 'myspell-es_HN' 'myspell-es_MX' 'myspell-es_NI' 'myspell-es_PA' 'myspell-es_PE' 'myspell-es_PR' 'myspell-es_PY' 'myspell-es_SV' 'myspell-es_UY' 'myspell-es_VE' 'myspell-et_EE' 'myspell-fr_BE' 'myspell-fr_CA' 'myspell-fr_CH' 'myspell-fr_FR' 'myspell-fr_LU' 'myspell-fr_MC' 'myspell-gd_GB' 'myspell-german-old' 'myspell-gl' 'myspell-gl_ES' 'myspell-gu_IN' 'myspell-gug' 'myspell-gug_PY' 'myspell-he_IL' 'myspell-hi_IN' 'myspell-hr_HR' 'myspell-hu_HU' 'myspell-is' 'myspell-is_IS' 'myspell-it_IT' 'myspell-kmr_Latn' 'myspell-kmr_Latn_SY' 'myspell-kmr_Latn_TR' 'myspell-lightproof-hu_HU' 'myspell-lightproof-pt_BR' 'myspell-lightproof-ru_RU' 'myspell-lo_LA' 'myspell-lt_LT' 'myspell-lv_LV' 'myspell-nb_NO' 'myspell-ne_NP' 'myspell-nl_BE' 'myspell-nl_NL' 'myspell-nn_NO' 'myspell-no' 'myspell-oc_FR' 'myspell-pl_PL' 'myspell-pt_AO' 'myspell-pt_BR' 'myspell-pt_PT' 'myspell-ro' 'myspell-ro_RO' 'myspell-ru_RU' 'myspell-si_LK' 'myspell-sk_SK' 'myspell-sl_SI' 'myspell-sq_AL' 'myspell-sr' 'myspell-sr_CS' 'myspell-sr_Latn_CS' 'myspell-sr_Latn_RS' 'myspell-sr_RS' 'myspell-sv_FI' 'myspell-sv_SE' 'myspell-sw_TZ' 'myspell-te' 'myspell-te_IN' 'myspell-th_TH' 'myspell-uk_UA' 'myspell-vi' 'myspell-vi_VN' 'myspell-zu_ZA' 'mysql-community-server' 'mysql-community-server' 'mysql-community-server-bench' 'mysql-community-server-client' 'mysql-community-server-errormessages' 'mysql-community-server-test' 'mysql-community-server-tools' 'mysql-connector-cpp' 'mysql-connector-java' 'mysql-connector-java' 'mysql-workbench' 'mytharchive' 'mytharchive-0_27' 'mytharchive-debuginfo' 'mythbrowser' 'mythbrowser-0_27' 'mythbrowser-debuginfo' 'mythes-devel' 'mythgallery' 'mythgallery-0_27' 'mythgallery-debuginfo' 'mythgame' 'mythgame-0_27' 'mythgame-debuginfo' 'mythmusic' 'mythmusic-0_27' 'mythmusic-debuginfo' 'mythnetvision' 'mythnetvision-0_27' 'mythnetvision-0_27-debuginfo' 'mythnetvision-debuginfo' 'mythnews' 'mythnews-0_27' 'mythnews-0_27-debuginfo' 'mythnews-debuginfo' 'mythtv' 'mythtv-0_27' 'mythtv-0_27-backend' 'mythtv-0_27-base-themes' 'mythtv-0_27-common' 'mythtv-0_27-common-debuginfo' 'mythtv-0_27-debugsource' 'mythtv-0_27-docs' 'mythtv-0_27-frontend' 'mythtv-0_27-setup' 'mythtv-backend' 'mythtv-backend-debuginfo' 'mythtv-base-themes' 'mythtv-common' 'mythtv-common-debuginfo' 'mythtv-debugsource' 'mythtv-devel' 'mythtv-docs' 'mythtv-frontend' 'mythtv-frontend-debuginfo' 'mythtv-setup' 'mythtv-setup-debuginfo' 'mythweather' 'mythweather-0_27' 'mythweather-debuginfo' 'mythweb' 'mythweb' 'mythzoneminder' 'mythzoneminder-0_27' 'mythzoneminder-debuginfo' 'mytop' 'naev' 'naev-data' 'nagios' 'nagios-devel' 'nagios-rpm-macros' 'nagios-www' 'nagios-www-dch' 'nagstamon' 'nagvis' 'nagvis-demos' 'namazu' 'namazu-cgi' 'namazu-devel' 'namdhinggo-fonts' 'nano-plugin-conky' 'nanoxml' 'nanoxml-javadoc' 'nanoxml-lite' 'nanoxml-manual' 'nanoxml-manual-lite' 'nant' 'nant-devel' 'nanum-fonts' 'nanum-gothic-coding-fonts' 'nasm' 'nasm' 'nasm-doc' 'nast' 'nautilus' 'nautilus-actions' 'nautilus-actions-devel' 'nautilus-actions-lang' 'nautilus-deja-dup' 'nautilus-devel' 'nautilus-eiciel' 'nautilus-evince' 'nautilus-extension-dropbox' 'nautilus-extension-folder-color' 'nautilus-extension-nextcloud' 'nautilus-extension-nitroshare' 'nautilus-extension-seahorse' 'nautilus-extension-terminal' 'nautilus-extension-tracker-tags' 'nautilus-file-roller' 'nautilus-image-converter' 'nautilus-image-converter-lang' 'nautilus-lang' 'nautilus-plugin-easytag' 'nautilus-search-tool' 'nautilus-search-tool-lang' 'nautilus-sendto' 'nautilus-sendto-lang' 'nautilus-share' 'nautilus-share-lang' 'nautilus-terminal' 'nautilus-totem' 'nbd' 'nbd-doc' 'ncat' 'ncdc' 'ncdc' 'ncdc-debuginfo' 'ncdc-debugsource' 'ncdu' 'ncftp' 'ncmpc' 'ncmpc' 'ncmpc-debuginfo' 'ncmpc-debugsource' 'ncmpc-lang' 'ncmpcpp' 'ncmpcpp' 'ncmpcpp-debuginfo' 'ncmpcpp-debugsource' 'ncompress' 'ncurses' 'ncurses-devel-32bit' 'ndctl' 'ndesk-dbus' 'ndesk-dbus-glib' 'ndesk-dbus-glib-devel' 'ndiff' 'ndiswrapper' 'ndiswrapper' 'ndiswrapper-kmp-default' 'neard' 'neard-devel' 'neard-test' 'neko' 'neko-devel' 'neko-mysql' 'nemiver' 'nemiver-devel' 'nemiver-lang' 'nemo' 'nemo-devel' 'nemo-extension-audio-tab' 'nemo-extension-compare' 'nemo-extension-compare-lang' 'nemo-extension-dropbox' 'nemo-extension-emblems' 'nemo-extension-emblems-lang' 'nemo-extension-fileroller' 'nemo-extension-gtkhash' 'nemo-extension-gtkhash-lang' 'nemo-extension-image-converter' 'nemo-extension-image-converter-lang' 'nemo-extension-nextcloud' 'nemo-extension-nitroshare' 'nemo-extension-pastebin' 'nemo-extension-pastebin-lang' 'nemo-extension-preview' 'nemo-extension-preview-lang' 'nemo-extension-rabbitvcs' 'nemo-extension-repairer' 'nemo-extension-repairer-lang' 'nemo-extension-seahorse' 'nemo-extension-seahorse-lang' 'nemo-extension-share' 'nemo-extension-share-lang' 'nemo-extension-terminal' 'nemo-extension-xreader' 'neovim' 'neovim' 'neovim-lang' 'nero-aac' 'nested' 'net-snmp' 'net-snmp-devel' 'net-snmp-devel-32bit' 'net-snmp-python' 'net6' 'net6-devel' 'net6-lang' 'netacct' 'netatalk' 'netatalk-devel' 'netbeans-javaparser' 'netbeans-resolver' 'netbeans-svnclientadapter' 'netcat-openbsd' 'netcdf' 'netcdf-cxx4-tools' 'netcdf-devel' 'netcdf-devel-data' 'netcdf-devel-static' 'netceiver-tools' 'netceiver-tools-debuginfo' 'netcomponents' 'netcomponents-javadoc' 'netconsole-tools' 'netdata' 'netdate' 'netgen' 'netgen' 'netgen-debuginfo' 'netgen-debugsource' 'netgen-devel' 'nethogs' 'netlabel-tools' 'netperf' 'netsurf-buildsystem' 'nettle' 'network-autoconfig' 'network_admin' 'neverball' 'neverball-doc' 'neverball-mapc' 'neverball-neverputt' 'newsbeuter' 'newsbeuter' 'newsbeuter-lang' 'newt' 'newt-devel' 'newt-doc' 'newt-static' 'newtonsoft-json' 'newtonsoft-json-devel' 'nextcloud' 'nextcloud' 'nextcloud-client' 'nextcloud-client' 'nextcloud-client-doc' 'nextcloud-client-dolphin' 'nextcloud-client-lang' 'nf3d' 'nfacct' 'nfc-eventd' 'nfcutils' 'nfoview' 'nfoview-lang' 'nfs-doc' 'nfs-kernel-server' 'nfs4-acl-tools' 'nfsidmap-devel' 'nfswatch' 'nftables' 'nghttp2' 'nghttp2-doc' 'nginx' 'ngrep' 'nh2ps' 'nicotine-plus' 'nicotine-plus' 'nicotine-plus-debuginfo' 'nicotine-plus-debugsource' 'nilfs-utils' 'nilfs-utils-devel' 'nim' 'nimbus-icon-theme' 'nini' 'ninja' 'ninja' 'ninja-ide' 'nip2' 'nip2' 'nitrogen' 'nitroshare' 'nkf' 'nload' 'nlopt-devel' 'nmap' 'nmapsi4' 'nmapsi4' 'nmapsi4-debuginfo' 'nmapsi4-debugsource' 'nmcli-dmenu' 'nmh' 'nml' 'nmon' 'no-more-secrets' 'nodejs-common' 'nodejs-packaging' 'nodejs4' 'nodejs4' 'nodejs4-devel' 'nodejs4-docs' 'nodejs6' 'nodejs6-docs' 'noise' 'noise-devel' 'noise-lang' 'nomacs' 'non-ntk' 'non-ntk-devel' 'non-ntk-fluid' 'non_oss' 'noping' 'nordlicht' 'nordlicht' 'nordlicht-debuginfo' 'nordlicht-debugsource' 'nordlicht-devel' 'normalize' 'normalize-debuginfo' 'normalize-debugsource' 'notepadqq' 'notify-osd' 'notify-osd-config' 'notify-sharp' 'notify-sharp-devel' 'notify-sharp3' 'notify-sharp3-devel' 'notmuch' 'notmuch-devel' 'notmuch-emacs' 'noto-kufiarabic-fonts' 'noto-naskharabic-fonts' 'noto-nastaliqurdu-fonts' 'noto-sans-armenian-fonts' 'noto-sans-avestan-fonts' 'noto-sans-balinese-fonts' 'noto-sans-bamum-fonts' 'noto-sans-batak-fonts' 'noto-sans-bengali-fonts' 'noto-sans-brahmi-fonts' 'noto-sans-buginese-fonts' 'noto-sans-buhid-fonts' 'noto-sans-canadianaboriginal-fonts' 'noto-sans-carian-fonts' 'noto-sans-cham-fonts' 'noto-sans-cherokee-fonts' 'noto-sans-cjk-fonts' 'noto-sans-coptic-fonts' 'noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts' 'noto-sans-cypriot-fonts' 'noto-sans-deseret-fonts' 'noto-sans-devanagari-fonts' 'noto-sans-egyptianhieroglyphs-fonts' 'noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts' 'noto-sans-georgian-fonts' 'noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts' 'noto-sans-gothic-fonts' 'noto-sans-gujarati-fonts' 'noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts' 'noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts' 'noto-sans-hebrew-fonts' 'noto-sans-imperialaramaic-fonts' 'noto-sans-inscriptionalpahlavi-fonts' 'noto-sans-inscriptionalparthian-fonts' 'noto-sans-javanese-fonts' 'noto-sans-kaithi-fonts' 'noto-sans-kannada-fonts' 'noto-sans-kayahli-fonts' 'noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts' 'noto-sans-khmer-fonts' 'noto-sans-lao-fonts' 'noto-sans-lepcha-fonts' 'noto-sans-limbu-fonts' 'noto-sans-linearb-fonts' 'noto-sans-lisu-fonts' 'noto-sans-lycian-fonts' 'noto-sans-lydian-fonts' 'noto-sans-malayalam-fonts' 'noto-sans-mandaic-fonts' 'noto-sans-meeteimayek-fonts' 'noto-sans-mongolian-fonts' 'noto-sans-myanmar-fonts' 'noto-sans-newtailue-fonts' 'noto-sans-nko-fonts' 'noto-sans-ogham-fonts' 'noto-sans-olchiki-fonts' 'noto-sans-olditalic-fonts' 'noto-sans-oldpersian-fonts' 'noto-sans-oldsoutharabian-fonts' 'noto-sans-oldturkic-fonts' 'noto-sans-oriya-fonts' 'noto-sans-osmanya-fonts' 'noto-sans-phagspa-fonts' 'noto-sans-phoenician-fonts' 'noto-sans-rejang-fonts' 'noto-sans-runic-fonts' 'noto-sans-samaritan-fonts' 'noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts' 'noto-sans-shavian-fonts' 'noto-sans-sinhala-fonts' 'noto-sans-sundanese-fonts' 'noto-sans-sylotinagri-fonts' 'noto-sans-symbols-fonts' 'noto-sans-syriaceastern-fonts' 'noto-sans-syriacestrangela-fonts' 'noto-sans-syriacwestern-fonts' 'noto-sans-tagalog-fonts' 'noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts' 'noto-sans-taile-fonts' 'noto-sans-taitham-fonts' 'noto-sans-taiviet-fonts' 'noto-sans-tamil-fonts' 'noto-sans-telugu-fonts' 'noto-sans-thaana-fonts' 'noto-sans-thai-fonts' 'noto-sans-tibetan-fonts' 'noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts' 'noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts' 'noto-sans-vai-fonts' 'noto-sans-yi-fonts' 'noto-serif-armenian-fonts' 'noto-serif-fonts' 'noto-serif-georgian-fonts' 'noto-serif-khmer-fonts' 'noto-serif-lao-fonts' 'noto-serif-thai-fonts' 'novell-ipsec-tools' 'novell-ipsec-tools-devel' 'novell-nortelplugins' 'novell-sound-theme' 'novnc' 'novprog' 'npapi-sdk' 'npapi-vlc' 'npapi-vlc' 'npapi-vlc-beta' 'npapi-vlc-beta' 'npapi-vlc-beta-debuginfo' 'npapi-vlc-beta-debugsource' 'npapi-vlc-debuginfo' 'npapi-vlc-debugsource' 'nping' 'npm4' 'npth-devel' 'nrpe' 'nrpe-doc' 'nsca' 'nsca-client' 'nspluginwrapper' 'nss-myhostname' 'nss-myhostname-32bit' 'nss-mymachines' 'nss-pam-ldapd' 'nss-pam-ldapd-32bit' 'nss-shared-helper-devel' 'nss_ldap' 'nss_ldap-32bit' 'nss_wrapper' 'ntl-devel' 'ntp-doc' 'nudoku' 'nulloy' 'nulloy-gstreamer' 'nulloy-phonon' 'nulloy-taglib' 'nulloy-vlc' 'numad' 'numatop' 'nunit' 'nunit-devel' 'nuosu-fonts' 'nuoveXT2-icon-theme' 'nut' 'nut' 'nut-cgi' 'nut-devel' 'nut-doc-asciidoc' 'nut-doc-images' 'nut-drivers-net' 'nvdock' 'nvidia-texture-tools' 'nvme-cli' 'nvme-cli' 'nvmetcli' 'nvmetcli' 'nvml' 'nvml-tools' 'nvptx-tools' 'nvptx-tools' 'nxtvepg' 'oaml-devel' 'obby' 'obby-devel' 'obby-lang' 'obconf' 'obconf-qt' 'obconf-qt-lang' 'obex-data-server' 'obexfs' 'obexftp' 'obexftp-devel' 'objectweb-anttask' 'objectweb-asm' 'obs-service-appimage' 'obs-service-download_files' 'obs-service-download_url' 'obs-service-extract_file' 'obs-service-format_spec_file' 'obs-service-obs_scm' 'obs-service-obs_scm-common' 'obs-service-recompress' 'obs-service-refresh_patches' 'obs-service-set_version' 'obs-service-set_version' 'obs-service-snapcraft' 'obs-service-source_validator' 'obs-service-source_validator' 'obs-service-tar' 'obs-service-tar_scm' 'obs-service-verify_file' 'obs-studio' 'obs-studio' 'obs-studio-debuginfo' 'obs-studio-debugsource' 'obs-studio-devel' 'ocaml' 'ocaml-brlapi' 'ocaml-calendar' 'ocaml-calendar-devel' 'ocaml-camlp4' 'ocaml-camlp4-devel' 'ocaml-camomile' 'ocaml-camomile-data' 'ocaml-camomile-devel' 'ocaml-compiler-libs' 'ocaml-compiler-libs-devel' 'ocaml-cppo' 'ocaml-cppo-devel' 'ocaml-csv' 'ocaml-csv-devel' 'ocaml-curses' 'ocaml-curses-devel' 'ocaml-docs' 'ocaml-easy-format' 'ocaml-easy-format-devel' 'ocaml-emacs' 'ocaml-extlib' 'ocaml-extlib-devel' 'ocaml-facile' 'ocaml-facile-devel' 'ocaml-fileutils' 'ocaml-fileutils-devel' 'ocaml-findlib' 'ocaml-findlib-camlp4' 'ocaml-findlib-devel' 'ocaml-gettext' 'ocaml-gettext-camomile' 'ocaml-gettext-camomile-devel' 'ocaml-gettext-devel' 'ocaml-gettext-stub' 'ocaml-gettext-stub-devel' 'ocaml-lablgl' 'ocaml-lablgl-devel' 'ocaml-lablgtk2' 'ocaml-lablgtk2-devel' 'ocaml-labltk' 'ocaml-labltk-devel' 'ocaml-libguestfs' 'ocaml-libguestfs-devel' 'ocaml-libvirt' 'ocaml-libvirt-devel' 'ocaml-menhir' 'ocaml-menhir-devel' 'ocaml-oasis' 'ocaml-oasis-devel' 'ocaml-ocamlbuild' 'ocaml-ocamlbuild-devel' 'ocaml-ocamldoc' 'ocaml-odn' 'ocaml-odn-devel' 'ocaml-ounit' 'ocaml-ounit-devel' 'ocaml-parmap' 'ocaml-parmap-devel' 'ocaml-pcre' 'ocaml-pcre-devel' 'ocaml-rpm-macros' 'ocaml-runtime' 'ocaml-source' 'ocaml-type-conv' 'ocaml-type-conv-devel' 'ocaml-x11' 'ocaml-xml-light' 'ocaml-xml-light-devel' 'ocamlify' 'ocamlmod' 'oce' 'oce' 'oce-DRAWEXE' 'oce-DRAWEXE-debuginfo' 'oce-debuginfo' 'oce-debugsource' 'oce-devel' 'ocfs2-tools' 'ocfs2-tools-devel' 'ocfs2-tools-devel-static' 'ocfs2-tools-o2cb' 'ocfs2console' 'ocl-icd-devel' 'oclock' 'ocp' 'ocp' 'ocp-debuginfo' 'ocp-debugsource' 'ocrad' 'ocrad-devel' 'ocserv' 'octave' 'octave-cli' 'octave-devel' 'octave-doc' 'octave-forge-cgi' 'octave-forge-communications' 'octave-forge-control' 'octave-forge-data-smoothing' 'octave-forge-database' 'octave-forge-dataframe' 'octave-forge-divand' 'octave-forge-doctest' 'octave-forge-econometrics' 'octave-forge-financial' 'octave-forge-fits' 'octave-forge-fl-core' 'octave-forge-fpl' 'octave-forge-fuzzy-logic-toolkit' 'octave-forge-ga' 'octave-forge-general' 'octave-forge-generate_html' 'octave-forge-geometry' 'octave-forge-image' 'octave-forge-image-acquisition' 'octave-forge-interval' 'octave-forge-io' 'octave-forge-level-set' 'octave-forge-linear-algebra' 'octave-forge-lssa' 'octave-forge-ltfat' 'octave-forge-mapping' 'octave-forge-mechanics' 'octave-forge-miscellaneous' 'octave-forge-msh' 'octave-forge-mvn' 'octave-forge-nan' 'octave-forge-ncarray' 'octave-forge-netcdf' 'octave-forge-nurbs' 'octave-forge-ocs' 'octave-forge-octclip' 'octave-forge-octproj' 'octave-forge-odepkg' 'octave-forge-optics' 'octave-forge-optim' 'octave-forge-parallel' 'octave-forge-quaternion' 'octave-forge-queueing' 'octave-forge-secs1d' 'octave-forge-secs2d' 'octave-forge-secs3d' 'octave-forge-signal' 'octave-forge-sockets' 'octave-forge-specfun' 'octave-forge-splines' 'octave-forge-statistics' 'octave-forge-stk' 'octave-forge-strings' 'octave-forge-struct' 'octave-forge-symbolic' 'octave-forge-tisean' 'octave-forge-tsa' 'octave-forge-vrml' 'octave-mathgl' 'ode-devel' 'odp-devel' 'odp-example' 'odp-libs' 'odvr' 'odvr' 'odvr-debuginfo' 'odvr-debugsource' 'offlineimap' 'offlineimap-htmldoc' 'ofl' 'ofono' 'ofono-devel' 'ofono-tests' 'oggfwd' 'oggfwd' 'oggfwd-debuginfo' 'oggvideotools' 'oggvideotools' 'oggvideotools-debuginfo' 'oggvideotools-debugsource' 'oggz-tools' 'ogmrip' 'ogmrip' 'ogmrip-ac3' 'ogmrip-ac3' 'ogmrip-ac3-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-ac3-debugsource' 'ogmrip-ac3-lang' 'ogmrip-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-debugsource' 'ogmrip-dirac' 'ogmrip-dirac' 'ogmrip-dirac-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-dirac-debugsource' 'ogmrip-dirac-lang' 'ogmrip-flac' 'ogmrip-flac' 'ogmrip-flac-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-flac-debugsource' 'ogmrip-lang' 'ogmrip-mpeg' 'ogmrip-mpeg' 'ogmrip-mpeg-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-mpeg-debugsource' 'ogmrip-nero-aac' 'ogmrip-nero-aac' 'ogmrip-nero-aac-lang' 'ogmrip-oggz' 'ogmrip-oggz' 'ogmrip-oggz-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-oggz-debugsource' 'ogmrip-oggz-lang' 'ogmrip-profiles' 'ogmrip-profiles' 'ogmrip-video-copy' 'ogmrip-video-copy' 'ogmrip-video-copy-debuginfo' 'ogmrip-video-copy-debugsource' 'ogmtools' 'ohcount' 'oidentd' 'oidentd' 'okteta' 'okteta-devel' 'okteta-lang' 'okular' 'okular-devel' 'oneko' 'oniguruma-devel' 'onscripter' 'onscripter' 'onscripter-debuginfo' 'onscripter-debugsource' 'ooRexx' 'ooRexx-devel' 'opa-address-resolution-devel' 'opa-basic-tools' 'opa-fastfabric' 'opa-fm' 'open-iscsi' 'open-isns' 'open-isns-devel' 'open-lldp' 'open-lldp-devel' 'open-vm-tools' 'open-vm-tools' 'open-vm-tools-desktop' 'openCOLLADA-devel' 'openCOLLADA-doc' 'openCOLLADA-utils' 'openCryptoki' 'openCryptoki-64bit' 'openCryptoki-devel' 'openQA' 'openQA-client' 'openQA-common' 'openQA-doc' 'openQA-worker' 'openSUSE-2017-1000' 'openSUSE-2017-1001' 'openSUSE-2017-1002' 'openSUSE-2017-1003' 'openSUSE-2017-1008' 'openSUSE-2017-1010' 'openSUSE-2017-1012' 'openSUSE-2017-1014' 'openSUSE-2017-1016' 'openSUSE-2017-1020' 'openSUSE-2017-1023' 'openSUSE-2017-1025' 'openSUSE-2017-1026' 'openSUSE-2017-1028' 'openSUSE-2017-1029' 'openSUSE-2017-1034' 'openSUSE-2017-1037' 'openSUSE-2017-1039' 'openSUSE-2017-1040' 'openSUSE-2017-1041' 'openSUSE-2017-1046' 'openSUSE-2017-1050' 'openSUSE-2017-1051' 'openSUSE-2017-1053' 'openSUSE-2017-1054' 'openSUSE-2017-1055' 'openSUSE-2017-1061' 'openSUSE-2017-1065' 'openSUSE-2017-1066' 'openSUSE-2017-1071' 'openSUSE-2017-1073' 'openSUSE-2017-1077' 'openSUSE-2017-1078' 'openSUSE-2017-1079' 'openSUSE-2017-1082' 'openSUSE-2017-1087' 'openSUSE-2017-1089' 'openSUSE-2017-1092' 'openSUSE-2017-1093' 'openSUSE-2017-1095' 'openSUSE-2017-1098' 'openSUSE-2017-1103' 'openSUSE-2017-1106' 'openSUSE-2017-1107' 'openSUSE-2017-1110' 'openSUSE-2017-1111' 'openSUSE-2017-1113' 'openSUSE-2017-1117' 'openSUSE-2017-1120' 'openSUSE-2017-1121' 'openSUSE-2017-1125' 'openSUSE-2017-1128' 'openSUSE-2017-1129' 'openSUSE-2017-1132' 'openSUSE-2017-1135' 'openSUSE-2017-1144' 'openSUSE-2017-1148' 'openSUSE-2017-1150' 'openSUSE-2017-1151' 'openSUSE-2017-1153' 'openSUSE-2017-1155' 'openSUSE-2017-1156' 'openSUSE-2017-1157' 'openSUSE-2017-1158' 'openSUSE-2017-1170' 'openSUSE-2017-1171' 'openSUSE-2017-1173' 'openSUSE-2017-1174' 'openSUSE-2017-1175' 'openSUSE-2017-1178' 'openSUSE-2017-1181' 'openSUSE-2017-1182' 'openSUSE-2017-1186' 'openSUSE-2017-1187' 'openSUSE-2017-1189' 'openSUSE-2017-1196' 'openSUSE-2017-1197' 'openSUSE-2017-1199' 'openSUSE-2017-1201' 'openSUSE-2017-1204' 'openSUSE-2017-1208' 'openSUSE-2017-1213' 'openSUSE-2017-1236' 'openSUSE-2017-1237' 'openSUSE-2017-1238' 'openSUSE-2017-1250' 'openSUSE-2017-1251' 'openSUSE-2017-1258' 'openSUSE-2017-1259' 'openSUSE-2017-1260' 'openSUSE-2017-1261' 'openSUSE-2017-1267' 'openSUSE-2017-1274' 'openSUSE-2017-1275' 'openSUSE-2017-1276' 'openSUSE-2017-1277' 'openSUSE-2017-1278' 'openSUSE-2017-1282' 'openSUSE-2017-1283' 'openSUSE-2017-1285' 'openSUSE-2017-1289' 'openSUSE-2017-1290' 'openSUSE-2017-1291' 'openSUSE-2017-1294' 'openSUSE-2017-1299' 'openSUSE-2017-1300' 'openSUSE-2017-1307' 'openSUSE-2017-1308' 'openSUSE-2017-1309' 'openSUSE-2017-1311' 'openSUSE-2017-1312' 'openSUSE-2017-1314' 'openSUSE-2017-1320' 'openSUSE-2017-1321' 'openSUSE-2017-1323' 'openSUSE-2017-1327' 'openSUSE-2017-1331' 'openSUSE-2017-1334' 'openSUSE-2017-1335' 'openSUSE-2017-1336' 'openSUSE-2017-1337' 'openSUSE-2017-1339' 'openSUSE-2017-1340' 'openSUSE-2017-1342' 'openSUSE-2017-1343' 'openSUSE-2017-1344' 'openSUSE-2017-1345' 'openSUSE-2017-1346' 'openSUSE-2017-1348' 'openSUSE-2017-1350' 'openSUSE-2017-1353' 'openSUSE-2017-1354' 'openSUSE-2017-1356' 'openSUSE-2017-1358' 'openSUSE-2017-1359' 'openSUSE-2017-1361' 'openSUSE-2017-1362' 'openSUSE-2017-1363' 'openSUSE-2017-1364' 'openSUSE-2017-1365' 'openSUSE-2017-1371' 'openSUSE-2017-1373' 'openSUSE-2017-1379' 'openSUSE-2017-1384' 'openSUSE-2017-1386' 'openSUSE-2017-1387' 'openSUSE-2017-1388' 'openSUSE-2017-1389' 'openSUSE-2017-1394' 'openSUSE-2017-1395' 'openSUSE-2017-1396' 'openSUSE-2017-1397' 'openSUSE-2017-1400' 'openSUSE-2017-1401' 'openSUSE-2017-1402' 'openSUSE-2017-1403' 'openSUSE-2017-1408' 'openSUSE-2017-1409' 'openSUSE-2017-1410' 'openSUSE-2017-1412' 'openSUSE-2017-1419' 'openSUSE-2017-1420' 'openSUSE-2017-1421' 'openSUSE-2017-1422' 'openSUSE-2017-1428' 'openSUSE-2017-829' 'openSUSE-2017-835' 'openSUSE-2017-838' 'openSUSE-2017-839' 'openSUSE-2017-840' 'openSUSE-2017-842' 'openSUSE-2017-846' 'openSUSE-2017-850' 'openSUSE-2017-851' 'openSUSE-2017-853' 'openSUSE-2017-856' 'openSUSE-2017-857' 'openSUSE-2017-861' 'openSUSE-2017-866' 'openSUSE-2017-870' 'openSUSE-2017-871' 'openSUSE-2017-874' 'openSUSE-2017-875' 'openSUSE-2017-877' 'openSUSE-2017-880' 'openSUSE-2017-884' 'openSUSE-2017-885' 'openSUSE-2017-889' 'openSUSE-2017-894' 'openSUSE-2017-899' 'openSUSE-2017-900' 'openSUSE-2017-901' 'openSUSE-2017-904' 'openSUSE-2017-905' 'openSUSE-2017-906' 'openSUSE-2017-907' 'openSUSE-2017-909' 'openSUSE-2017-910' 'openSUSE-2017-911' 'openSUSE-2017-919' 'openSUSE-2017-922' 'openSUSE-2017-924' 'openSUSE-2017-925' 'openSUSE-2017-926' 'openSUSE-2017-927' 'openSUSE-2017-928' 'openSUSE-2017-934' 'openSUSE-2017-935' 'openSUSE-2017-937' 'openSUSE-2017-941' 'openSUSE-2017-947' 'openSUSE-2017-949' 'openSUSE-2017-952' 'openSUSE-2017-955' 'openSUSE-2017-956' 'openSUSE-2017-957' 'openSUSE-2017-962' 'openSUSE-2017-965' 'openSUSE-2017-966' 'openSUSE-2017-967' 'openSUSE-2017-968' 'openSUSE-2017-970' 'openSUSE-2017-972' 'openSUSE-2017-973' 'openSUSE-2017-974' 'openSUSE-2017-975' 'openSUSE-2017-976' 'openSUSE-2017-979' 'openSUSE-2017-980' 'openSUSE-2017-985' 'openSUSE-2017-986' 'openSUSE-2017-992' 'openSUSE-2017-994' 'openSUSE-2017-995' 'openSUSE-2017-996' 'openSUSE-2017-999' 'openSUSE-2018-101' 'openSUSE-2018-102' 'openSUSE-2018-105' 'openSUSE-2018-111' 'openSUSE-2018-115' 'openSUSE-2018-119' 'openSUSE-2018-12' 'openSUSE-2018-121' 'openSUSE-2018-122' 'openSUSE-2018-123' 'openSUSE-2018-126' 'openSUSE-2018-130' 'openSUSE-2018-132' 'openSUSE-2018-134' 'openSUSE-2018-135' 'openSUSE-2018-137' 'openSUSE-2018-139' 'openSUSE-2018-14' 'openSUSE-2018-143' 'openSUSE-2018-144' 'openSUSE-2018-148' 'openSUSE-2018-149' 'openSUSE-2018-152' 'openSUSE-2018-155' 'openSUSE-2018-158' 'openSUSE-2018-159' 'openSUSE-2018-160' 'openSUSE-2018-161' 'openSUSE-2018-164' 'openSUSE-2018-166' 'openSUSE-2018-167' 'openSUSE-2018-169' 'openSUSE-2018-170' 'openSUSE-2018-171' 'openSUSE-2018-173' 'openSUSE-2018-174' 'openSUSE-2018-175' 'openSUSE-2018-177' 'openSUSE-2018-18' 'openSUSE-2018-180' 'openSUSE-2018-181' 'openSUSE-2018-182' 'openSUSE-2018-186' 'openSUSE-2018-189' 'openSUSE-2018-19' 'openSUSE-2018-190' 'openSUSE-2018-191' 'openSUSE-2018-193' 'openSUSE-2018-195' 'openSUSE-2018-197' 'openSUSE-2018-198' 'openSUSE-2018-200' 'openSUSE-2018-201' 'openSUSE-2018-202' 'openSUSE-2018-204' 'openSUSE-2018-206' 'openSUSE-2018-208' 'openSUSE-2018-209' 'openSUSE-2018-210' 'openSUSE-2018-211' 'openSUSE-2018-212' 'openSUSE-2018-213' 'openSUSE-2018-215' 'openSUSE-2018-217' 'openSUSE-2018-218' 'openSUSE-2018-219' 'openSUSE-2018-220' 'openSUSE-2018-221' 'openSUSE-2018-222' 'openSUSE-2018-223' 'openSUSE-2018-226' 'openSUSE-2018-228' 'openSUSE-2018-23' 'openSUSE-2018-233' 'openSUSE-2018-235' 'openSUSE-2018-238' 'openSUSE-2018-239' 'openSUSE-2018-242' 'openSUSE-2018-244' 'openSUSE-2018-245' 'openSUSE-2018-246' 'openSUSE-2018-248' 'openSUSE-2018-252' 'openSUSE-2018-253' 'openSUSE-2018-256' 'openSUSE-2018-257' 'openSUSE-2018-261' 'openSUSE-2018-267' 'openSUSE-2018-268' 'openSUSE-2018-269' 'openSUSE-2018-27' 'openSUSE-2018-271' 'openSUSE-2018-273' 'openSUSE-2018-274' 'openSUSE-2018-276' 'openSUSE-2018-279' 'openSUSE-2018-283' 'openSUSE-2018-285' 'openSUSE-2018-29' 'openSUSE-2018-291' 'openSUSE-2018-292' 'openSUSE-2018-32' 'openSUSE-2018-35' 'openSUSE-2018-37' 'openSUSE-2018-38' 'openSUSE-2018-41' 'openSUSE-2018-42' 'openSUSE-2018-43' 'openSUSE-2018-44' 'openSUSE-2018-45' 'openSUSE-2018-47' 'openSUSE-2018-48' 'openSUSE-2018-5' 'openSUSE-2018-50' 'openSUSE-2018-51' 'openSUSE-2018-52' 'openSUSE-2018-54' 'openSUSE-2018-57' 'openSUSE-2018-58' 'openSUSE-2018-62' 'openSUSE-2018-64' 'openSUSE-2018-65' 'openSUSE-2018-67' 'openSUSE-2018-68' 'openSUSE-2018-73' 'openSUSE-2018-74' 'openSUSE-2018-75' 'openSUSE-2018-79' 'openSUSE-2018-80' 'openSUSE-2018-81' 'openSUSE-2018-83' 'openSUSE-2018-84' 'openSUSE-2018-88' 'openSUSE-2018-89' 'openSUSE-2018-90' 'openSUSE-2018-91' 'openSUSE-2018-92' 'openSUSE-2018-93' 'openSUSE-2018-94' 'openSUSE-2018-96' 'openSUSE-2018-99' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release-addon-nonoss' 'openSUSE-Addon-NonOss-release-ftp' 'openSUSE-EULAs' 'openSUSE-appdata-extra' 'openSUSE-appstream-process' 'openSUSE-xfce-icon-theme' 'openal-soft-devel' 'openal-soft-devel-32bit' 'openam' 'openarena' 'openarena-data' 'openbabel' 'openblas-devel' 'openblas-devel-headers' 'openblas-devel-static' 'openbox' 'openbox-adwaita-ob-theme' 'openbox-devel' 'openbox-gnome' 'openbox-kde' 'opencc' 'opencc-devel' 'opencl-headers' 'opencl-headers-1_2' 'openclipart-png' 'openclipart-svg' 'openclonk' 'openconnect' 'openconnect' 'openconnect-devel' 'openconnect-doc' 'openconnect-lang' 'opencore-amr' 'opencore-amr-debugsource' 'openct' 'openct-devel' 'opencv' 'opencv-devel' 'opencv-doc' 'opencv-qt5' 'opencv-qt5-devel' 'opencv-qt5-doc' 'opendchub' 'opendvdproducer' 'opendvdproducer' 'openexr' 'openexr' 'openexr-devel' 'openexr-doc' 'openfetion' 'openfetion' 'openfetion-debuginfo' 'openfetion-debugsource' 'openfetion-lang' 'opengl-games-utils' 'opengost-otf-fonts' 'opengost-ttf-fonts' 'openh323' 'openh323-devel' 'openhpi' 'openhpi-clients' 'openhpi-daemon' 'openhpi-devel' 'openhpi-subagent' 'openjade' 'openjade-devel' 'openjpeg' 'openjpeg' 'openjpeg-devel' 'openjpeg-devel-32bit' 'openjpeg2' 'openjpeg2' 'openjpeg2-devel' 'openldap2' 'openldap2' 'openldap2-back-meta' 'openldap2-back-perl' 'openldap2-back-sock' 'openldap2-back-sql' 'openldap2-contrib' 'openldap2-devel-32bit' 'openldap2-devel-static' 'openldap2-doc' 'openldap2-ppolicy-check-password' 'openlibm-devel' 'openlmi' 'openlmi-account' 'openlmi-fan' 'openlmi-hardware' 'openlmi-journald' 'openlmi-locale' 'openlmi-logicalfile' 'openlmi-networking' 'openlmi-pcp' 'openlmi-pegasus-compat' 'openlmi-powermanagement' 'openlmi-providers' 'openlmi-providers-devel' 'openlmi-providers-doc' 'openlmi-providers-libs' 'openlmi-python-base' 'openlmi-python-providers' 'openlmi-python-test' 'openlmi-service' 'openlmi-software' 'openlmi-tools' 'openmarkup' 'openmarkup-javadoc' 'openmarkup-manual' 'openmcu' 'openmcu-codecs' 'openmpi' 'openmpi' 'openmpi-devel' 'openmpi-devel-static' 'openmpi-libs' 'openmpi-libs-32bit' 'openmpi-testsuite' 'openmpi-testsuite' 'openobex-apps' 'openobex-devel' 'openocd' 'openocd-data' 'openparamon' 'openpgm-devel' 'opensaml' 'opensaml-bin' 'opensaml-schemas' 'opensc' 'openscap' 'openscap-content' 'openscap-devel' 'openscap-extra-probes' 'openscap-utils' 'openshot-qt' 'openshot-qt' 'openslide-doc' 'openslide-tools' 'openslp-32bit' 'openslp-devel' 'openslp-server' 'opensm' 'opensm-devel' 'opensm-devel-32bit' 'opensm-libs3' 'opensm-libs3-32bit' 'opensnc' 'opensnc' 'opensnc-debuginfo' 'opensnc-debugsource' 'opensp' 'opensp-devel' 'opensp-doc' 'openspecfun-devel' 'openssh' 'openssh-askpass-gnome' 'openssh-askpass-gnome' 'openssh-cavs' 'openssh-fips' 'openssl' 'openssl-cavs' 'openssl-doc' 'openssl-engine-af_alg' 'openssl-steam' 'openssl_tpm_engine' 'openstack-macros' 'openstack-suse-macros' 'openstack-suse-sudo' 'openstack-tempest' 'openstack-tempest-doc' 'openstack-utils' 'openttd' 'openttd-data' 'openttd-dedicated' 'openttd-opengfx' 'openucx-tools' 'openvas-cli' 'openvas-manager' 'openvas-scanner' 'openvas-scanner-doc' 'openvpn' 'openvpn-auth-pam-plugin' 'openvpn-devel' 'openvpn-down-root-plugin' 'openvswitch' 'openvswitch' 'openvswitch-devel' 'openvswitch-ovn-central' 'openvswitch-ovn-common' 'openvswitch-ovn-docker' 'openvswitch-ovn-host' 'openvswitch-ovn-vtep' 'openvswitch-pki' 'openvswitch-test' 'openvswitch-vtep' 'openwsman-java' 'openwsman-perl' 'openwsman-python' 'openwsman-ruby' 'openwsman-ruby-docs' 'openwsman-server' 'openwsman-server-plugin-ruby' 'openxcom' 'openxcom-doc' 'opera' 'opera' 'opie' 'opie-32bit' 'oping' 'opmsg' 'oprofile' 'oprofile-32bit' 'oprofile-devel' 'opt_gnome-compat' 'optipng' 'optipng' 'opus-tools' 'opusfile-devel' 'orage' 'orage-doc' 'orage-lang' 'orbit2' 'orbit2-32bit' 'orbit2-devel' 'orbit2-doc' 'orc' 'orc-doc' 'orca' 'orca-lang' 'orkhon-fonts' 'oro' 'oro-javadoc' 'ortp' 'ortp' 'ortp-debuginfo' 'ortp-debugsource' 'ortp-devel' 'os-autoinst' 'os-autoinst-openvswitch' 'osc' 'osc' 'osc-plugin-collab' 'osc-plugin-install' 'osdlyrics' 'osdlyrics-lang' 'osinfo-db' 'osinfo-db-tools' 'osslsigncode' 'ossp-uuid' 'oto' 'otrs' 'otrs' 'otrs-doc' 'otrs-itsm' 'ovirt-guest-agent-common' 'ovmf' 'ovmf' 'ovmf-tools' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-base_rules' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-experimental_rules' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-optional_rules' 'owasp-modsecurity-crs-slr_rules' 'owncloud-client' 'owncloud-client-caja' 'owncloud-client-doc' 'owncloud-client-dolphin' 'owncloud-client-l10n' 'owncloud-client-nautilus' 'owncloud-client-nemo' 'oxygen4-cursors' 'oxygen5' 'oxygen5-cursors' 'oxygen5-decoration' 'oxygen5-devel' 'oxygen5-icon-theme-scalable' 'oxygen5-lang' 'oxygen5-style' 'oxygen5-style-32bit' 'oyranos' 'oyranos-monitor' 'oyranos-profile-graph' 'oyranos-qcmsevents' 'oyranos-qcmsevents-qt4' 'oyranos-ui-fltk' 'p0f' 'p11-kit-nss-trust' 'p7zip' 'p8-platform' 'p8-platform-debugsource' 'p8-platform-devel' 'pacemaker' 'pacemaker-cli' 'pacemaker-cts' 'pacemaker-remote' 'packETH' 'package-translations' 'pacpl' 'pacpl' 'pagemon' 'pagetools' 'paglinawan-quicksand-fonts' 'pagul-fonts' 'palapeli' 'palapeli-data' 'palapeli-devel' 'palm-db-tools' 'pam' 'pam-devel-32bit' 'pam-doc' 'pam_apparmor' 'pam_apparmor-32bit' 'pam_ccreds' 'pam_ccreds-32bit' 'pam_chroot' 'pam_chroot-32bit' 'pam_cifscreds' 'pam_csync' 'pam_csync-32bit' 'pam_krb5' 'pam_krb5-32bit' 'pam_kwallet' 'pam_ldap' 'pam_ldap-32bit' 'pam_mktemp' 'pam_mktemp-32bit' 'pam_mount' 'pam_mount-32bit' 'pam_p11' 'pam_p11-32bit' 'pam_passwdqc' 'pam_passwdqc-32bit' 'pam_pkcs11' 'pam_pkcs11-32bit' 'pam_pwquality' 'pam_radius' 'pam_radius-32bit' 'pam_smb' 'pam_smb-32bit' 'pam_snapper' 'pam_ssh' 'pam_ssh-32bit' 'pam_u2f' 'pam_userpass' 'pam_userpass-32bit' 'pam_wrapper' 'pam_yubico' 'paman' 'pan' 'pan-lang' 'pandoc' 'pandoc-pdf' 'pango-devel-32bit' 'pango-tools' 'pangomm-devel' 'pangomm-doc' 'pangox-compat' 'pangox-devel' 'pantheon-calculator' 'pantheon-calculator-lang' 'pantheon-photos' 'pantheon-photos-lang' 'pantheon-terminal' 'pantheon-terminal-lang' 'paper-icon-theme' 'paperclips' 'paperclips-javadoc' 'paperkey' 'paperwork' 'papi' 'papi-devel' 'papi-devel-32bit' 'papi-devel-static' 'paprefs' 'paprefs-lang' 'par' 'parallel-netcdf-devel-data' 'parallel-netcdf-openmpi' 'parallel-netcdf-openmpi-devel' 'parallel-netcdf-openmpi-devel-static' 'paratype-pt-mono-fonts' 'paratype-pt-sans-fonts' 'paratype-pt-serif-fonts' 'paraview' 'parcellite' 'pari-devel' 'pari-elldata' 'pari-galdata' 'pari-galpol' 'pari-gp' 'pari-nftables' 'pari-seadata' 'parkverbot' 'parley' 'parley-lang' 'parole' 'parole-devel' 'parole-lang' 'parpack-openmpi' 'parpack-openmpi-devel' 'parpack-openmpi-devel-32bit' 'partclone' 'partclone-lang' 'parted-devel' 'parted-lang' 'parti' 'partitionmanager' 'partitionmanager-lang' 'passwdqc' 'passwdqc-devel' 'password-store' 'password-store-dmenu' 'pasystray' 'pasystray' 'patch2mail' 'patchelf' 'patchutils' 'patterns-openSUSE-32bit' 'patterns-openSUSE-64bit' 'patterns-openSUSE-books' 'patterns-openSUSE-console' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_C_C++' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_ide' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_java' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_kde_frameworks' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_kernel' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_mono' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_perl' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_python' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_python3' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_qt4' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_qt5' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_rpm_build' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_ruby' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_tcl' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_web' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-dhcp_dns_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-directory_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-enlightenment' 'patterns-openSUSE-file_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-gateway_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-generic_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_admin' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_basis_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_games' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_ide' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_imaging' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_imaging_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_internet' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_multimedia' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_multimedia_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_office_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-gnome_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-haskell_platform' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_edutainment' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_ide' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_telepathy' 'patterns-openSUSE-kvm_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-lamp_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_browser' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_media' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_messenger' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_netutils' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-leechcraft_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxde' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxde_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxde_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-lxqt' 'patterns-openSUSE-mail_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_admin' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_internet' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_office_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-mate_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-minimal_base' 'patterns-openSUSE-minimal_base-conflicts' 'patterns-openSUSE-misc_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-network_admin' 'patterns-openSUSE-non_oss' 'patterns-openSUSE-non_oss_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-print_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-remote_desktop' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_cd_x11' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_core_dvd' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_dvd' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_dvd9' 'patterns-openSUSE-rest_promo_dvd' 'patterns-openSUSE-sw_management_gnome' 'patterns-openSUSE-tabletpc' 'patterns-openSUSE-technical_writing' 'patterns-openSUSE-update_test' 'patterns-openSUSE-voip' 'patterns-openSUSE-x11_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-x86' 'patterns-openSUSE-xen_server' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce_laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-xfce_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-yast2_install_wf' 'pavucontrol' 'pavucontrol-lang' 'pavucontrol-qt' 'pavuk' 'pavumeter' 'pax-utils' 'pbm2l7k' 'pbuilder' 'pbzip2' 'pcapdump' 'pcapinfo' 'pcb' 'pcb-doc' 'pcc' 'pcfclock' 'pcfclock' 'pcfclock-kmp-default' 'pciutils-devel' 'pciutils-devel-32bit' 'pcmanfm' 'pcmanfm-devel' 'pcmanfm-lang' 'pcmanfm-qt' 'pcmanfm-qt-lang' 'pcmanx-gtk2' 'pcp' 'pcp' 'pcp-conf' 'pcp-devel' 'pcp-doc' 'pcp-export-pcp2graphite' 'pcp-export-pcp2influxdb' 'pcp-export-zabbix-agent' 'pcp-gui' 'pcp-import-collectl2pcp' 'pcp-import-ganglia2pcp' 'pcp-import-iostat2pcp' 'pcp-import-mrtg2pcp' 'pcp-import-sar2pcp' 'pcp-manager' 'pcp-pmda-activemq' 'pcp-pmda-apache' 'pcp-pmda-bash' 'pcp-pmda-bind2' 'pcp-pmda-bonding' 'pcp-pmda-cifs' 'pcp-pmda-cisco' 'pcp-pmda-dbping' 'pcp-pmda-dm' 'pcp-pmda-docker' 'pcp-pmda-ds389' 'pcp-pmda-ds389log' 'pcp-pmda-elasticsearch' 'pcp-pmda-gfs2' 'pcp-pmda-gluster' 'pcp-pmda-gpfs' 'pcp-pmda-gpsd' 'pcp-pmda-infiniband' 'pcp-pmda-json' 'pcp-pmda-kvm' 'pcp-pmda-lmsensors' 'pcp-pmda-logger' 'pcp-pmda-lustre' 'pcp-pmda-lustrecomm' 'pcp-pmda-mailq' 'pcp-pmda-memcache' 'pcp-pmda-mic' 'pcp-pmda-mounts' 'pcp-pmda-mysql' 'pcp-pmda-named' 'pcp-pmda-netfilter' 'pcp-pmda-news' 'pcp-pmda-nfsclient' 'pcp-pmda-nginx' 'pcp-pmda-nutcracker' 'pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu' 'pcp-pmda-oracle' 'pcp-pmda-papi' 'pcp-pmda-pdns' 'pcp-pmda-perfevent' 'pcp-pmda-postfix' 'pcp-pmda-redis' 'pcp-pmda-roomtemp' 'pcp-pmda-rpm' 'pcp-pmda-rsyslog' 'pcp-pmda-samba' 'pcp-pmda-sendmail' 'pcp-pmda-shping' 'pcp-pmda-slurm' 'pcp-pmda-snmp' 'pcp-pmda-summary' 'pcp-pmda-systemd' 'pcp-pmda-trace' 'pcp-pmda-unbound' 'pcp-pmda-vmware' 'pcp-pmda-weblog' 'pcp-pmda-zimbra' 'pcp-pmda-zswap' 'pcp-system-tools' 'pcp-testsuite' 'pcp-webapi' 'pcre' 'pcre-devel-static' 'pcre-doc' 'pcre-tools' 'pcre2-devel' 'pcre2-devel-static' 'pcre2-doc' 'pcre2-tools' 'pcsc-acr38' 'pcsc-acr38-devel' 'pcsc-acsccid' 'pcsc-asedriveiiie-serial' 'pcsc-asedriveiiie-usb' 'pcsc-asekey' 'pcsc-ccid' 'pcsc-cyberjack' 'pcsc-eco5000' 'pcsc-gempc' 'pcsc-lite' 'pcsc-lite-devel' 'pcsc-openct' 'pcsc-reflex60' 'pcsc-towitoko' 'pcsc-towitoko-devel' 'pcsx2' 'pcsx2-32bit' 'pcsx2-debuginfo-32bit' 'pcsxr' 'pcsxr' 'pcsxr-debuginfo' 'pcsxr-debugsource' 'pdf2djvu' 'pdf2djvu-lang' 'pdf2svg' 'pdfchain' 'pdfcompare' 'pdfshuffler' 'pdfshuffler-lang' 'pdftk-qgui' 'pdftk-qgui' 'pdftk-qgui-debuginfo' 'pdi2iso' 'pdi2iso' 'pdi2iso-debuginfo' 'pdns' 'pdns' 'pdns-backend-geoip' 'pdns-backend-godbc' 'pdns-backend-ldap' 'pdns-backend-lua' 'pdns-backend-mydns' 'pdns-backend-mysql' 'pdns-backend-postgresql' 'pdns-backend-remote' 'pdns-backend-sqlite3' 'pdns-common' 'pdns-recursor' 'pdns-recursor' 'pdnsd' 'pdnsd-doc' 'pdsh' 'peek' 'peek-lang' 'peerunity-qt' 'peerunityd' 'peksystray' 'pen' 'pencil' 'pentaho-libxml-javadoc' 'pentaho-reporting-flow-engine-javadoc' 'pepper' 'percona-toolkit' 'perf' 'perf' 'performous' 'performous' 'performous-debuginfo' 'performous-debugsource' 'perftest' 'perl' 'perl-Algorithm-Annotate' 'perl-Algorithm-C3' 'perl-Algorithm-CheckDigits' 'perl-Algorithm-Combinatorics' 'perl-Algorithm-Diff' 'perl-Alien-SDL' 'perl-Alien-Tidyp' 'perl-Alien-wxWidgets' 'perl-Any-Moose' 'perl-AnyEvent' 'perl-AnyEvent-HTTP' 'perl-AnyEvent-I3' 'perl-Apache-AuthCookie' 'perl-Apache-DBI' 'perl-Apache-Filter' 'perl-Apache-LogFormat-Compiler' 'perl-Apache-Session' 'perl-Apache-SessionX' 'perl-Apache2-AuthCookieDBI' 'perl-App-Ack' 'perl-App-CELL' 'perl-App-CLI' 'perl-App-Cmd' 'perl-App-Dochazka-CLI' 'perl-App-Dochazka-Common' 'perl-App-Dochazka-WWW' 'perl-App-FatPacker' 'perl-App-MFILE' 'perl-App-MFILE-WWW' 'perl-App-Nopaste' 'perl-App-Rad' 'perl-App-cpanminus' 'perl-AppConfig' 'perl-Archive-Extract' 'perl-Archive-Peek' 'perl-Array-Unique' 'perl-Audio-FLAC-Header' 'perl-Audio-FLAC-Header' 'perl-Audio-Musepack' 'perl-Audio-Musepack' 'perl-Audio-RPLD' 'perl-Audio-RPLD' 'perl-Audio-Scan' 'perl-Audio-Scan' 'perl-Audio-Scan-debuginfo' 'perl-Audio-Scan-debugsource' 'perl-Audio-WMA' 'perl-Audio-WMA' 'perl-Authen-DecHpwd' 'perl-Authen-Passphrase' 'perl-Authen-SASL-Cyrus' 'perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope' 'perl-B-Hooks-OP-Annotation' 'perl-B-Hooks-OP-Check' 'perl-B-Hooks-OP-PPAddr' 'perl-B-Keywords' 'perl-B-Utils' 'perl-BIND-Conf_Parser' 'perl-BSD-Resource' 'perl-Benchmark-Timer' 'perl-BerkeleyDB' 'perl-Bit-Vector' 'perl-Boost-Geometry-Utils' 'perl-Bootloader-YAML' 'perl-Browser-Open' 'perl-Business-ISBN' 'perl-Business-ISBN-Data' 'perl-Business-ISBN-Data' 'perl-Business-ISMN' 'perl-Business-ISSN' 'perl-CBOR-XS' 'perl-CBOR-XS' 'perl-CBOR-XS-debuginfo' 'perl-CBOR-XS-debugsource' 'perl-CDDB_get' 'perl-CGI' 'perl-CGI-Ajax' 'perl-CGI-Application' 'perl-CGI-FastTemplate' 'perl-CGI-FormBuilder' 'perl-CGI-Session' 'perl-CGI-Simple' 'perl-CHI' 'perl-CLASS' 'perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo' 'perl-CPAN-Meta' 'perl-CPAN-Meta-Check' 'perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements' 'perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML' 'perl-CPAN-Mini' 'perl-CPAN-Perl-Releases' 'perl-CPAN-Uploader' 'perl-CSS-Minifier-XS' 'perl-CSS-Tiny' 'perl-Cache-Cache' 'perl-Cache-LRU' 'perl-Cairo' 'perl-Calendar-Simple' 'perl-Canary-Stability' 'perl-Capture-Tiny' 'perl-Carp-Always' 'perl-Carp-Assert' 'perl-Carp-Assert-More' 'perl-Carp-Clan' 'perl-Carton' 'perl-Catalyst-Manual' 'perl-Chart' 'perl-Class-Accessor' 'perl-Class-Accessor-Chained' 'perl-Class-Accessor-Grouped' 'perl-Class-Accessor-Lite' 'perl-Class-Adapter' 'perl-Class-Autouse' 'perl-Class-Base' 'perl-Class-C3' 'perl-Class-C3-Adopt-NEXT' 'perl-Class-C3-Componentised' 'perl-Class-C3-XS' 'perl-Class-Container' 'perl-Class-DBI' 'perl-Class-Data-Inheritable' 'perl-Class-Date' 'perl-Class-Factory-Util' 'perl-Class-Inner' 'perl-Class-Inspector' 'perl-Class-Load' 'perl-Class-Load-XS' 'perl-Class-MakeMethods' 'perl-Class-Method-Modifiers' 'perl-Class-Method-Modifiers-Fast' 'perl-Class-MethodMaker' 'perl-Class-Mix' 'perl-Class-Multimethods' 'perl-Class-ReturnValue' 'perl-Class-Singleton' 'perl-Class-Spiffy' 'perl-Class-Std' 'perl-Class-Tiny' 'perl-Class-Trigger' 'perl-Class-Unload' 'perl-Class-WhiteHole' 'perl-Class-XPath' 'perl-Class-XSAccessor' 'perl-Clipboard' 'perl-Clone-PP' 'perl-Compress-Bzip2' 'perl-Config-Any' 'perl-Config-Auto' 'perl-Config-AutoConf' 'perl-Config-General' 'perl-Config-GitLike' 'perl-Config-Grammar' 'perl-Config-INI' 'perl-Config-IniFiles' 'perl-Config-MVP' 'perl-Config-MVP-Reader-INI' 'perl-Config-MySQL' 'perl-Config-Simple' 'perl-Config-Std' 'perl-Config-Tiny' 'perl-Const-Fast' 'perl-Context-Preserve' 'perl-Contextual-Return' 'perl-Convert-ASN1' 'perl-Convert-BER' 'perl-Convert-BinHex' 'perl-Convert-TNEF' 'perl-Convert-UUlib' 'perl-Cookie-Baker' 'perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS' 'perl-Crypt-Blowfish' 'perl-Crypt-CBC' 'perl-Crypt-DES' 'perl-Crypt-DH-GMP' 'perl-Crypt-Eksblowfish' 'perl-Crypt-MySQL' 'perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum' 'perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA' 'perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random' 'perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5' 'perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5' 'perl-Crypt-RC4' 'perl-Crypt-Rijndael' 'perl-Crypt-Rot13' 'perl-Crypt-SaltedHash' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish-debuginfo' 'perl-Crypt-Twofish-debugsource' 'perl-Crypt-UnixCrypt_XS' 'perl-Curses' 'perl-CursesWidgets' 'perl-Cwd-Guard' 'perl-Cyrus-IMAP' 'perl-Cyrus-SIEVE-managesieve' 'perl-DBD-CSV' 'perl-DBD-ODBC' 'perl-DBD-Pg' 'perl-DBD-XBase' 'perl-DBD-mysql' 'perl-DBICx-TestDatabase' 'perl-DBIx-Class' 'perl-DBIx-Class-DeploymentHandler' 'perl-DBIx-Class-DynamicDefault' 'perl-DBIx-Class-Fixtures' 'perl-DBIx-Class-InflateColumn-FS' 'perl-DBIx-Class-IntrospectableM2M' 'perl-DBIx-Class-OptimisticLocking' 'perl-DBIx-Class-Schema-Config' 'perl-DBIx-Class-Schema-Loader' 'perl-DBIx-Class-UUIDColumns' 'perl-DBIx-Connector' 'perl-DBIx-ContextualFetch' 'perl-DBIx-Simple' 'perl-DBIx-Transaction' 'perl-DBM-Deep' 'perl-DNS-LDNS' 'perl-Data-AMF' 'perl-Data-Clone' 'perl-Data-Compare' 'perl-Data-Dump-Streamer' 'perl-Data-Dumper-Concise' 'perl-Data-Entropy' 'perl-Data-Float' 'perl-Data-Hexify' 'perl-Data-Hierarchy' 'perl-Data-Integer' 'perl-Data-OptList' 'perl-Data-Page' 'perl-Data-Peek' 'perl-Data-Perl' 'perl-Data-Printer' 'perl-Data-Random' 'perl-Data-Section' 'perl-Data-Section-Simple' 'perl-Data-ShowTable' 'perl-Data-Uniqid' 'perl-Data-Util' 'perl-Data-Visitor' 'perl-Date-Calc' 'perl-Date-Holidays-CZ' 'perl-Date-Manip' 'perl-Date-Simple' 'perl-Date-Tiny' 'perl-DateTime' 'perl-DateTime-Calendar-Mayan' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Builder' 'perl-DateTime-Format-DateParse' 'perl-DateTime-Format-ISO8601' 'perl-DateTime-Format-ISO8601' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Mail' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Mail' 'perl-DateTime-Format-MySQL' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Pg' 'perl-DateTime-Format-SQLite' 'perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime' 'perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF' 'perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF' 'perl-DateTime-Locale' 'perl-DateTime-TimeZone' 'perl-DateTime-Tiny' 'perl-Debug-Trace' 'perl-Declare-Constraints-Simple' 'perl-Devel-Caller' 'perl-Devel-CheckBin' 'perl-Devel-CheckCompiler' 'perl-Devel-CheckLib' 'perl-Devel-CheckOS' 'perl-Devel-Confess' 'perl-Devel-CoreStack' 'perl-Devel-Cover' 'perl-Devel-Cycle' 'perl-Devel-Declare' 'perl-Devel-FindPerl' 'perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction' 'perl-Devel-Hide' 'perl-Devel-Leak' 'perl-Devel-LexAlias' 'perl-Devel-NYTProf' 'perl-Devel-OverloadInfo' 'perl-Devel-PPPort' 'perl-Devel-PartialDump' 'perl-Devel-PatchPerl' 'perl-Devel-StackTrace' 'perl-Devel-StackTrace-AsHTML' 'perl-Devel-Symdump' 'perl-Devel-TakeHashArgs' 'perl-Devel-Trace' 'perl-Device-SerialPort' 'perl-Digest-CRC' 'perl-Digest-JHash' 'perl-Digest-MD5' 'perl-Digest-MD5' 'perl-Digest-MD5-debuginfo' 'perl-Digest-MD5-debugsource' 'perl-Digest-Perl-MD5' 'perl-Dist-CheckConflicts' 'perl-Dist-Zilla' 'perl-Email-Abstract' 'perl-Email-Address' 'perl-Email-Date-Format' 'perl-Email-Find' 'perl-Email-Find' 'perl-Email-MIME-ContentType' 'perl-Email-MIME-Encodings' 'perl-Email-MessageID' 'perl-Email-Simple' 'perl-Email-Valid' 'perl-Encode-Detect' 'perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII' 'perl-Encode-HanExtra' 'perl-Encode-JIS2K' 'perl-Eval-Closure' 'perl-Event' 'perl-Event-ExecFlow' 'perl-Event-ExecFlow' 'perl-Event-RPC' 'perl-Event-RPC' 'perl-Exception-Base' 'perl-Exception-Class' 'perl-Expect' 'perl-Export-Attrs' 'perl-Export-Attrs' 'perl-Exporter-Declare' 'perl-Exporter-Lite' 'perl-Exporter-Tidy' 'perl-Exporter-Tiny' 'perl-ExtUtils-CChecker' 'perl-ExtUtils-Config' 'perl-ExtUtils-CppGuess' 'perl-ExtUtils-Depends' 'perl-ExtUtils-F77' 'perl-ExtUtils-Helpers' 'perl-ExtUtils-InstallPaths' 'perl-ExtUtils-LibBuilder' 'perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker' 'perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-CPANfile' 'perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-mini' 'perl-ExtUtils-Manifest' 'perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig' 'perl-ExtUtils-Typemaps-Default' 'perl-ExtUtils-XSpp' 'perl-FastCGI' 'perl-Fennec-Lite' 'perl-File-BaseDir' 'perl-File-Basename-Object' 'perl-File-Comments' 'perl-File-Copy-Recursive' 'perl-File-DesktopEntry' 'perl-File-FcntlLock' 'perl-File-Find-Rule' 'perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl' 'perl-File-Finder' 'perl-File-HomeDir' 'perl-File-MMagic' 'perl-File-Mork' 'perl-File-Next' 'perl-File-Path' 'perl-File-Path-Tiny' 'perl-File-ReadBackwards' 'perl-File-Remove' 'perl-File-Rsync' 'perl-File-ShareDir' 'perl-File-ShareDir-Install' 'perl-File-ShareDir-ProjectDistDir' 'perl-File-Slurp' 'perl-File-Slurp-Tiny' 'perl-File-Slurp-Unicode' 'perl-File-Slurper' 'perl-File-Sync' 'perl-File-Tail' 'perl-File-Temp' 'perl-File-Touch' 'perl-File-Type' 'perl-File-Which' 'perl-File-chdir' 'perl-File-pushd' 'perl-FileHandle-Unget' 'perl-Filesys-Df' 'perl-Filesys-Notify-Simple' 'perl-Finance-Quote' 'perl-FindBin-Real' 'perl-Font-AFM' 'perl-Font-FreeType' 'perl-Font-TTF' 'perl-FreezeThaw' 'perl-Future' 'perl-GD' 'perl-GD-Barcode' 'perl-GD-Graph3d' 'perl-GDGraph' 'perl-GDTextUtil' 'perl-GStreamer1' 'perl-Geo-Coordinates-UTM' 'perl-Geography-Countries' 'perl-Getopt-ArgvFile' 'perl-Getopt-Long-Descriptive' 'perl-Getopt-Tabular' 'perl-Glib' 'perl-Glib-Object-Introspection' 'perl-Gnome2' 'perl-Gnome2-Canvas' 'perl-Gnome2-GConf' 'perl-Gnome2-VFS' 'perl-Gnome2-Wnck' 'perl-GnuPG-Interface' 'perl-Goo-Canvas' 'perl-Graph' 'perl-GraphViz' 'perl-GraphicsMagick' 'perl-Gravatar-URL' 'perl-Growl-GNTP' 'perl-Gtk2' 'perl-Gtk2-AppIndicator' 'perl-Gtk2-Ex-FormFactory' 'perl-Gtk2-Ex-FormFactory' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-GladeXML-debugsource' 'perl-Gtk2-ImageView' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-Notify-debugsource' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-TrayIcon-debugsource' 'perl-Gtk2-Unique' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit-debuginfo' 'perl-Gtk2-WebKit-debugsource' 'perl-Guard' 'perl-HTML-Clean' 'perl-HTML-Element-Extended' 'perl-HTML-Encoding' 'perl-HTML-FillInForm' 'perl-HTML-Form' 'perl-HTML-FormHandler' 'perl-HTML-Format' 'perl-HTML-FromText' 'perl-HTML-FromText' 'perl-HTML-RewriteAttributes' 'perl-HTML-Scrubber' 'perl-HTML-SimpleParse' 'perl-HTML-Strip' 'perl-HTML-Strip' 'perl-HTML-Strip-debuginfo' 'perl-HTML-Strip-debugsource' 'perl-HTML-TableExtract' 'perl-HTML-Template' 'perl-HTML-TokeParser-Simple' 'perl-HTML-Tree' 'perl-HTTP-Body' 'perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent' 'perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent' 'perl-HTTP-DAV' 'perl-HTTP-Headers-ActionPack' 'perl-HTTP-Headers-Fast' 'perl-HTTP-Lite' 'perl-HTTP-Parser-XS' 'perl-HTTP-Request-AsCGI' 'perl-HTTP-Server-Simple' 'perl-HTTP-Thin' 'perl-HTTP-Tiny' 'perl-HTTPS-Daemon' 'perl-Hash-Merge' 'perl-Hash-Merge-Simple' 'perl-Hash-MoreUtils' 'perl-Hash-MultiValue' 'perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash-Compat' 'perl-Hook-LexWrap' 'perl-IO-All' 'perl-IO-Async' 'perl-IO-CaptureOutput' 'perl-IO-Digest' 'perl-IO-Handle-Util' 'perl-IO-Interactive' 'perl-IO-Interface' 'perl-IO-Multiplex' 'perl-IO-Pager' 'perl-IO-Pipely' 'perl-IO-SessionData' 'perl-IO-Socket-INET6' 'perl-IO-Socket-IP' 'perl-IO-Socket-Multicast' 'perl-IO-Socket-PortState' 'perl-IO-Socket-Timeout' 'perl-IO-String' 'perl-IO-Stty' 'perl-IO-TieCombine' 'perl-IO-Tty' 'perl-IO-stringy' 'perl-IP-Country' 'perl-IPC-Run' 'perl-IPC-Run3' 'perl-IPC-ShareLite' 'perl-IPC-System-Simple' 'perl-IRI' 'perl-Ima-DBI' 'perl-Image-Info' 'perl-Image-Size' 'perl-Import-Into' 'perl-Inline' 'perl-Inline-C' 'perl-Inline-C' 'perl-Iterator' 'perl-Iterator-Util' 'perl-JSON' 'perl-JSON-Any' 'perl-JSON-DWIW' 'perl-JSON-MaybeXS' 'perl-JSON-RPC' 'perl-JSON-XS' 'perl-JavaScript-Minifier-XS' 'perl-LWP-Online' 'perl-Lexical-Persistence' 'perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints' 'perl-Lingua-EN-FindNumber' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-Number' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect-Phrase' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Number-IsOrdinal' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Numbers-Ordinate' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Numbers-Ordinate' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Sentence' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Tagger' 'perl-Lingua-EN-Words2Nums' 'perl-Lingua-PT-Stemmer' 'perl-Lingua-Preferred' 'perl-Lingua-Preferred' 'perl-Lingua-Stem' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Fr' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-It' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Ru' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Snowball' 'perl-Lingua-Stem-Snowball-Da' 'perl-Lingua-Translit' 'perl-Linux-Inotify2' 'perl-Linux-Pid' 'perl-List-AllUtils' 'perl-List-MoreUtils' 'perl-List-SomeUtils' 'perl-List-SomeUtils-XS' 'perl-List-UtilsBy' 'perl-Locale-Maketext-Gettext' 'perl-Locale-Maketext-Lexicon' 'perl-Locale-Msgfmt' 'perl-Locale-US' 'perl-LockFile-Simple' 'perl-Log-Any' 'perl-Log-Contextual' 'perl-Log-Dispatch' 'perl-Log-Dispatch-Array' 'perl-Log-Dispatch-Config' 'perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate' 'perl-Log-Dispatchouli' 'perl-Log-Log4perl' 'perl-Log-Message' 'perl-Log-Message-Simple' 'perl-Log-TraceMessages' 'perl-Log-TraceMessages' 'perl-MIME-Charset' 'perl-MIME-EncWords' 'perl-MIME-Lite' 'perl-MIME-Types' 'perl-MIME-tools' 'perl-MLDBM-Sync' 'perl-MP3-Info' 'perl-MP3-Info' 'perl-MP3-Tag' 'perl-MP3-Tag' 'perl-MP4-Info' 'perl-MP4-Info' 'perl-MRO-Compat' 'perl-Mac-PropertyList' 'perl-Mail-DKIM' 'perl-Mail-Mbox-MessageParser' 'perl-Mail-SPF' 'perl-Mail-SPF-Test' 'perl-Mail-Sender' 'perl-Mail-Sendmail' 'perl-Mail-SpamAssassin' 'perl-Mail-SpamAssassin-Plugin-iXhash2' 'perl-MailTools' 'perl-Makefile-DOM' 'perl-Mason' 'perl-Math-BigInt' 'perl-Math-BigInt-GMP' 'perl-Math-Calc-Units' 'perl-Math-Clipper' 'perl-Math-ConvexHull' 'perl-Math-ConvexHull-MonotoneChain' 'perl-Math-Geometry-Voronoi' 'perl-Math-Libm' 'perl-Math-PlanePath' 'perl-Math-Round' 'perl-Mcrypt' 'perl-Memoize-ExpireLRU' 'perl-Meta-Builder' 'perl-Method-Signatures-Simple' 'perl-Minion' 'perl-Mixin-Linewise' 'perl-Mo' 'perl-Mock-Quick' 'perl-Module-Build' 'perl-Module-Build-Deprecated' 'perl-Module-Build-Tiny' 'perl-Module-Build-WithXSpp' 'perl-Module-Build-XSUtil' 'perl-Module-CPANfile' 'perl-Module-Depends' 'perl-Module-Find' 'perl-Module-Implementation' 'perl-Module-Info' 'perl-Module-Install' 'perl-Module-Install-AuthorTests' 'perl-Module-Install-ExtraTests' 'perl-Module-Metadata' 'perl-Module-Path' 'perl-Module-Pluggable' 'perl-Module-Reader' 'perl-Module-Refresh' 'perl-Module-Runtime-Conflicts' 'perl-Module-ScanDeps' 'perl-Module-Signature' 'perl-Module-Starter' 'perl-Mojo-RabbitMQ-Client' 'perl-Mojolicious' 'perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-AssetPack' 'perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-CHI' 'perl-Mojolicious-Plugin-RenderFile' 'perl-Moo' 'perl-MooX-HandlesVia' 'perl-MooX-Types-MooseLike' 'perl-MooX-Types-MooseLike-Numeric' 'perl-MooX-late' 'perl-Moose' 'perl-Moose-Autobox' 'perl-MooseX-Aliases' 'perl-MooseX-App-Cmd' 'perl-MooseX-ArrayRef' 'perl-MooseX-Attribute-ENV' 'perl-MooseX-AttributeHelpers' 'perl-MooseX-AuthorizedMethods' 'perl-MooseX-ClassAttribute' 'perl-MooseX-Clone' 'perl-MooseX-ConfigFromFile' 'perl-MooseX-Daemonize' 'perl-MooseX-Getopt' 'perl-MooseX-GlobRef' 'perl-MooseX-Has-Options' 'perl-MooseX-HasDefaults' 'perl-MooseX-InsideOut' 'perl-MooseX-Iterator' 'perl-MooseX-LazyLogDispatch' 'perl-MooseX-LazyRequire' 'perl-MooseX-Log-Log4perl' 'perl-MooseX-LogDispatch' 'perl-MooseX-MarkAsMethods' 'perl-MooseX-Meta-TypeConstraint-ForceCoercion' 'perl-MooseX-MultiInitArg' 'perl-MooseX-NonMoose' 'perl-MooseX-Object-Pluggable' 'perl-MooseX-OneArgNew' 'perl-MooseX-POE' 'perl-MooseX-Param' 'perl-MooseX-Role-Cmd' 'perl-MooseX-Role-Parameterized' 'perl-MooseX-Role-TraitConstructor' 'perl-MooseX-Role-WithOverloading' 'perl-MooseX-SemiAffordanceAccessor' 'perl-MooseX-SetOnce' 'perl-MooseX-SimpleConfig' 'perl-MooseX-Singleton' 'perl-MooseX-Storage' 'perl-MooseX-StrictConstructor' 'perl-MooseX-Traits' 'perl-MooseX-TransactionalMethods' 'perl-MooseX-Types' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Common' 'perl-MooseX-Types-LoadableClass' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Parameterizable' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Class' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Tiny' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Perl' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Set-Object' 'perl-MooseX-Types-Stringlike' 'perl-MooseX-Workers' 'perl-Mozilla-LDAP' 'perl-MythTV-0_27' 'perl-NKF' 'perl-Nagios-Plugin' 'perl-Net-AMQP' 'perl-Net-CIDR-Lite' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib-debuginfo' 'perl-Net-DBus-GLib-debugsource' 'perl-Net-DNS-Resolver-Programmable' 'perl-Net-Domain-TLD' 'perl-Net-HTTPServer' 'perl-Net-IDN-Encode' 'perl-Net-INET6Glue' 'perl-Net-IP' 'perl-Net-IPv4Addr' 'perl-Net-Ident' 'perl-Net-Jabber' 'perl-Net-LibIDN' 'perl-Net-Libproxy' 'perl-Net-Netmask' 'perl-Net-OAuth' 'perl-Net-OpenID-Common' 'perl-Net-OpenID-Consumer' 'perl-Net-Oping' 'perl-Net-Patricia' 'perl-Net-Pcap' 'perl-Net-SNMP' 'perl-Net-SSH2' 'perl-Net-SSLGlue' 'perl-Net-Server' 'perl-Net-TFTP' 'perl-Net-Telnet' 'perl-Net-UPnP' 'perl-Net-UPnP' 'perl-Net-Whois-RIPE' 'perl-Net-Whois-Raw' 'perl-Net-XMPP' 'perl-NetAddr-IP' 'perl-NetPacket' 'perl-NetxAP' 'perl-Number-Compare' 'perl-Number-Format' 'perl-OLE-Storage_Lite' 'perl-OSSP-uuid' 'perl-Object-Signature' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-PurePerl' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-PurePerl' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-debuginfo' 'perl-Ogg-Vorbis-Header-debugsource' 'perl-PAR' 'perl-PAR-Dist' 'perl-PAR-Packer' 'perl-PCP-LogImport' 'perl-PCP-LogSummary' 'perl-PCP-MMV' 'perl-PCP-PMDA' 'perl-PDA-Pilot' 'perl-PDF-API2' 'perl-PDL' 'perl-PHP-Serialization' 'perl-POE' 'perl-POE-Test-Loops' 'perl-POSIX-strftime-Compiler' 'perl-PPI' 'perl-PPIx-Regexp' 'perl-PPIx-Utilities' 'perl-Package-DeprecationManager' 'perl-Package-Generator' 'perl-Package-Stash' 'perl-Package-Stash-XS' 'perl-Package-Variant' 'perl-PadWalker' 'perl-Pango' 'perl-Params-Classify' 'perl-Params-Coerce' 'perl-Params-Validate' 'perl-Parse-CPAN-Meta' 'perl-Parse-CPAN-Packages' 'perl-Parse-Win32Registry' 'perl-Parse-Yapp' 'perl-Path-Class' 'perl-Path-FindDev' 'perl-Path-IsDev' 'perl-Path-Tiny' 'perl-Pegex' 'perl-Pegex' 'perl-Perl-Critic' 'perl-Perl-PrereqScanner' 'perl-Perl-Tidy' 'perl-Perl-Version' 'perl-Perl6-Junction' 'perl-PerlIO-eol' 'perl-PerlIO-locale' 'perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict' 'perl-PerlIO-via-Timeout' 'perl-PerlIO-via-dynamic' 'perl-PerlMagick' 'perl-Plack' 'perl-Plack-Middleware-LogErrors' 'perl-Plack-Middleware-Session' 'perl-Pod-Coverage' 'perl-Pod-Coverage-Moose' 'perl-Pod-Coverage-TrustPod' 'perl-Pod-Eventual' 'perl-Pod-HtmlPsPdf' 'perl-Pod-MinimumVersion' 'perl-Pod-POM' 'perl-Pod-Spell' 'perl-Pod-Usage' 'perl-PostScript-Simple' 'perl-Prima' 'perl-Probe-Perl' 'perl-Proc-Fork' 'perl-Proc-ProcessTable' 'perl-Proc-Simple' 'perl-Quantum-Superpositions' 'perl-RDF-Trine' 'perl-RPM2' 'perl-Readonly' 'perl-Readonly-XS' 'perl-Redis' 'perl-Regexp-Assemble' 'perl-Regexp-Common' 'perl-Regexp-IPv6' 'perl-Regexp-Shellish' 'perl-Role-HasMessage' 'perl-Role-Identifiable' 'perl-Role-Tiny' 'perl-Rose-Object' 'perl-Router-Simple' 'perl-SDL' 'perl-SGML-Parser-OpenSP' 'perl-SGMLS' 'perl-SNMP' 'perl-SOAP-Lite' 'perl-SQL-Abstract' 'perl-SQL-ReservedWords' 'perl-SQL-SplitStatement' 'perl-SQL-Tokenizer' 'perl-SQL-Translator' 'perl-SUPER' 'perl-SVG' 'perl-SVN-Simple' 'perl-Safe-Isa' 'perl-Scalar-List-Utils' 'perl-Scalar-String' 'perl-Scope-Guard' 'perl-Scope-Upper' 'perl-Selenium-Remote-Driver' 'perl-Sereal' 'perl-Sereal' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder-debuginfo' 'perl-Sereal-Decoder-debugsource' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder-debuginfo' 'perl-Sereal-Encoder-debugsource' 'perl-Set-Crontab' 'perl-Set-Object' 'perl-Set-Scalar' 'perl-Smart-Comments' 'perl-Snowball-Norwegian' 'perl-Snowball-Swedish' 'perl-Socket-MsgHdr' 'perl-Socket6' 'perl-Software-License' 'perl-Sort-Naturally' 'perl-Sort-Versions' 'perl-Spiffy' 'perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel' 'perl-Spreadsheet-Read' 'perl-Spreadsheet-Read' 'perl-Spreadsheet-ReadSXC' 'perl-Spreadsheet-XLSX' 'perl-Starman' 'perl-Statistics-Descriptive' 'perl-Stream-Buffered' 'perl-String-Approx' 'perl-String-CamelCase' 'perl-String-Errf' 'perl-String-Escape' 'perl-String-Flogger' 'perl-String-Format' 'perl-String-Formatter' 'perl-String-RewritePrefix' 'perl-String-ShellQuote' 'perl-String-ToIdentifier-EN' 'perl-String-Truncate' 'perl-Struct-Dumb' 'perl-Sub-Exporter' 'perl-Sub-Exporter-ForMethods' 'perl-Sub-Exporter-GlobExporter' 'perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive' 'perl-Sub-Identify' 'perl-Sub-Install' 'perl-Sub-Name' 'perl-Sub-Override' 'perl-Sub-Quote' 'perl-Sub-Spec' 'perl-Sub-Uplevel' 'perl-Switch' 'perl-Symbol-Table' 'perl-Symbol-Util' 'perl-Syntax-Keyword-Junction' 'perl-Sys-CPU' 'perl-Sys-Guestfs' 'perl-Sys-Hostname-Long' 'perl-Sys-LoadAvg' 'perl-Sys-SigAction' 'perl-Sys-Virt' 'perl-Sysadm-Install' 'perl-SystemPerl' 'perl-SystemPerl-devel' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Async' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Config' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Dates' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Exceptions' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Scalability' 'perl-Task-Kensho-Testing' 'perl-Task-Kensho-XML' 'perl-Task-Weaken' 'perl-Template-Toolkit' 'perl-Term-Encoding' 'perl-Term-ProgressBar' 'perl-Term-ReadPassword' 'perl-Term-UI' 'perl-Test-Assert' 'perl-Test-Base' 'perl-Test-CChecker' 'perl-Test-CPAN-Meta' 'perl-Test-CheckChanges' 'perl-Test-CheckDeps' 'perl-Test-Class' 'perl-Test-Class-Most' 'perl-Test-ClassAPI' 'perl-Test-CleanNamespaces' 'perl-Test-Command' 'perl-Test-Compile' 'perl-Test-Deep' 'perl-Test-Differences' 'perl-Test-EOL' 'perl-Test-Exception' 'perl-Test-Exception-LessClever' 'perl-Test-FailWarnings' 'perl-Test-Fatal' 'perl-Test-File-ShareDir' 'perl-Test-Harness' 'perl-Test-HasVersion' 'perl-Test-Identity' 'perl-Test-InDistDir' 'perl-Test-Inter' 'perl-Test-JSON' 'perl-Test-LWP-UserAgent' 'perl-Test-LeakTrace' 'perl-Test-LongString' 'perl-Test-Manifest' 'perl-Test-Memory-Cycle' 'perl-Test-Mock-LWP' 'perl-Test-Mock-Time' 'perl-Test-Mock-Time' 'perl-Test-MockModule' 'perl-Test-MockObject' 'perl-Test-MockTime' 'perl-Test-Most' 'perl-Test-Needs' 'perl-Test-NoTabs' 'perl-Test-NoWarnings' 'perl-Test-Number-Delta' 'perl-Test-Object' 'perl-Test-Output' 'perl-Test-PerlTidy' 'perl-Test-Pod' 'perl-Test-Pod-Coverage' 'perl-Test-Refcount' 'perl-Test-Requires' 'perl-Test-RequiresInternet' 'perl-Test-Script' 'perl-Test-SharedFork' 'perl-Test-Signature' 'perl-Test-Signature' 'perl-Test-Simple' 'perl-Test-Spec' 'perl-Test-Spelling' 'perl-Test-Strict' 'perl-Test-SubCalls' 'perl-Test-Synopsis' 'perl-Test-TCP' 'perl-Test-Taint' 'perl-Test-TempDir-Tiny' 'perl-Test-Tester' 'perl-Test-Time' 'perl-Test-Trap' 'perl-Test-Unit' 'perl-Test-Unit-Lite' 'perl-Test-UseAllModules' 'perl-Test-WWW-Mechanize' 'perl-Test-WWW-Selenium' 'perl-Test-Warn' 'perl-Test-Warnings' 'perl-Test-Without-Module' 'perl-Test-YAML' 'perl-Test-YAML-Valid' 'perl-Test-use-ok' 'perl-Text-ASCIITable' 'perl-Text-Aligner' 'perl-Text-Aspell' 'perl-Text-Autoformat' 'perl-Text-BibTeX' 'perl-Text-Brew' 'perl-Text-CSV' 'perl-Text-CSV_XS' 'perl-Text-Capitalize' 'perl-Text-ChaSen' 'perl-Text-CharWidth' 'perl-Text-DelimMatch' 'perl-Text-Diff' 'perl-Text-German' 'perl-Text-Glob' 'perl-Text-Hunspell' 'perl-Text-Iconv' 'perl-Text-Kakasi' 'perl-Text-Markdown' 'perl-Text-Patch' 'perl-Text-RecordParser' 'perl-Text-Reform' 'perl-Text-Roman' 'perl-Text-Soundex' 'perl-Text-SpellChecker' 'perl-Text-Table' 'perl-Text-TabularDisplay' 'perl-Text-Template' 'perl-Text-Unidecode' 'perl-Text-WrapI18N' 'perl-Throwable' 'perl-Tie-Cache' 'perl-Tie-Cycle' 'perl-Tie-Hash-DBD' 'perl-Tie-RefHash-Weak' 'perl-Tie-Simple' 'perl-Tie-ToObject' 'perl-Time-Clock' 'perl-Time-Duration' 'perl-Time-Duration-Parse' 'perl-Time-Mock' 'perl-Time-Out' 'perl-Time-Period' 'perl-Time-Tiny' 'perl-Time-modules' 'perl-Tk' 'perl-Tk-Clock' 'perl-Tk-FontDialog' 'perl-Tk-FontDialog' 'perl-Tk-devel' 'perl-Tree-DAG_Node' 'perl-Try-Tiny' 'perl-Type-Tiny' 'perl-Types-Serialiser' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-can' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-isa' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-moniker' 'perl-UNIVERSAL-require' 'perl-URI-Find' 'perl-URI-Nested' 'perl-URI-db' 'perl-Unicode-Collate' 'perl-Unicode-LineBreak' 'perl-Unicode-Map' 'perl-Unicode-Map8' 'perl-Unicode-Normalize' 'perl-Unicode-String' 'perl-Unix-Syslog' 'perl-Variable-Magic' 'perl-Verilog-Perl' 'perl-WWW-Curl' 'perl-WWW-Mechanize' 'perl-WWW-PAUSE-CleanUpHomeDir' 'perl-WWW-Pastebin-PastebinCom-Create' 'perl-WWW-Shorten' 'perl-Want' 'perl-WeakRef' 'perl-Web-MREST-CLI' 'perl-Web-Machine' 'perl-WebService-MusicBrainz' 'perl-WebService-MusicBrainz' 'perl-Win-Hivex' 'perl-Wx' 'perl-XML-Bare' 'perl-XML-CommonNS' 'perl-XML-DOM' 'perl-XML-DOM-XPath' 'perl-XML-Dumper' 'perl-XML-Entities' 'perl-XML-Filter-BufferText' 'perl-XML-Generator-PerlData' 'perl-XML-Handler-YAWriter' 'perl-XML-LibXML' 'perl-XML-LibXML-Simple' 'perl-XML-LibXSLT' 'perl-XML-Namespace' 'perl-XML-NamespaceFactory' 'perl-XML-NodeFilter' 'perl-XML-Parser-Lite' 'perl-XML-RSS-LibXML' 'perl-XML-RSS-LibXML' 'perl-XML-RegExp' 'perl-XML-SAX-ExpatXS' 'perl-XML-SAX-Writer' 'perl-XML-SemanticDiff' 'perl-XML-SimpleObject-LibXML' 'perl-XML-Stream' 'perl-XML-Structured' 'perl-XML-Writer' 'perl-XML-Writer-String' 'perl-XML-XSLT' 'perl-XSLoader' 'perl-YAML-Perl' 'perl-YAML-Syck' 'perl-YAML-Tiny' 'perl-aliased' 'perl-asa' 'perl-autobox' 'perl-autovivification' 'perl-bareword-filehandles' 'perl-base-32bit' 'perl-biber' 'perl-boolean' 'perl-camgm' 'perl-checkbot' 'perl-clinkgrammar' 'perl-common-sense' 'perl-constant-boolean' 'perl-constant-defer' 'perl-doc' 'perl-experimental' 'perl-gdal' 'perl-getdata' 'perl-homedir' 'perl-indirect' 'perl-ldap' 'perl-libconfigfile' 'perl-libintl-perl' 'perl-libprelude' 'perl-libxml-perl' 'perl-local-lib' 'perl-marisa' 'perl-multidimensional' 'perl-mythtv' 'perl-namespace-autoclean' 'perl-namespace-clean' 'perl-obexftp' 'perl-pcsc' 'perl-qpid' 'perl-qpid-proton' 'perl-qt4' 'perl-qt4-devel' 'perl-razor-agents' 'perl-slurm' 'perl-solv' 'perl-strictures' 'perl-syntax' 'perl-thrift' 'perl-xfconf' 'perl-xmltv' 'perl-xrood-client-admin' 'perl-yui' 'perl-zypp' 'perlref' 'permissions' 'pesign' 'pesign-obs-integration' 'pfscalibration' 'pfstools' 'pfstools-devel' 'pg_comparator' 'pgaccess' 'pgadmin3' 'pgadmin3-lang' 'pgn-extract' 'pgn-extract' 'pgn-extract-debuginfo' 'pgn-extract-debugsource' 'phalanx' 'phantomjs' 'phetsarath-fonts' 'phonon-backend-vlc' 'phonon-backend-vlc' 'phonon-backend-vlc-debuginfo' 'phonon-backend-vlc-debugsource' 'phonon-devel' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc-debuginfo' 'phonon4qt5-backend-vlc-debugsource' 'phonon4qt5-devel' 'phonon4qt5-devel-32bit' 'phoronix-test-suite' 'photorec' 'php-MythTV-0_27' 'php-composer' 'php-doc' 'php-libkolab0' 'php-libkolab1' 'php-libkolabxml1' 'php-mapi' 'php-mythtv' 'php-xapian' 'php5' 'php5' 'php5-bcmath' 'php5-bz2' 'php5-calendar' 'php5-ctype' 'php5-curl' 'php5-dba' 'php5-devel' 'php5-dom' 'php5-enchant' 'php5-exif' 'php5-fastcgi' 'php5-fileinfo' 'php5-firebird' 'php5-fpm' 'php5-ftp' 'php5-gd' 'php5-gettext' 'php5-gmp' 'php5-ice' 'php5-iconv' 'php5-imap' 'php5-intl' 'php5-json' 'php5-ldap' 'php5-mbstring' 'php5-mcrypt' 'php5-mssql' 'php5-mysql' 'php5-odbc' 'php5-opcache' 'php5-openssl' 'php5-pcntl' 'php5-pdo' 'php5-pear' 'php5-pear-Auth_SASL' 'php5-pear-Crypt_Blowfish' 'php5-pear-DB' 'php5-pear-DB_DataObject' 'php5-pear-DB_DataObject_FormBuilder' 'php5-pear-Date' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Austria' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Brazil' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Croatia' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Denmark' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_EnglandWales' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Finland' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Germany' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Iceland' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Ireland' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Italy' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Japan' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Netherlands' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Norway' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Portugal' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Romania' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Spain' 'php5-pear-Date_Holidays_Sweden' 'php5-pear-File' 'php5-pear-File_IMC' 'php5-pear-HTML_Common' 'php5-pear-HTML_QuickForm' 'php5-pear-HTTP_Request' 'php5-pear-HTTP_Request2' 'php5-pear-HTTP_WebDAV_Server' 'php5-pear-Log' 'php5-pear-MDB2' 'php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_mysql' 'php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_mysqli' 'php5-pear-MDB2_Driver_pgsql' 'php5-pear-Mail' 'php5-pear-Mail_Mime' 'php5-pear-Mail_mimeDecode' 'php5-pear-Net_DIME' 'php5-pear-Net_IDNA2' 'php5-pear-Net_IMAP' 'php5-pear-Net_LDAP' 'php5-pear-Net_LDAP2' 'php5-pear-Net_SMTP' 'php5-pear-Net_Sieve' 'php5-pear-Net_Socket' 'php5-pear-Net_URL' 'php5-pear-Net_URL2' 'php5-pear-SOAP' 'php5-pear-Services_Weather' 'php5-pear-Text_CAPTCHA' 'php5-pear-Text_Figlet' 'php5-pear-Text_Password' 'php5-pear-Text_Wiki' 'php5-pear-XML_SVG' 'php5-pear-XML_Serializer' 'php5-pear-cache_lite' 'php5-pear-channel-ezno' 'php5-pear-channel-horde' 'php5-pear-channel-phpunit' 'php5-pear-channel-symfony' 'php5-pear-channel-symfony2' 'php5-pear-ezc-Base' 'php5-pear-ezc-ConsoleTools' 'php5-pear-ezc-Graph' 'php5-pear-phpunit-DbUnit' 'php5-pear-phpunit-File_Iterator' 'php5-pear-phpunit-Object_Freezer' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHPUnit_MockObject' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_CodeBrowser' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_CodeCoverage' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_Timer' 'php5-pear-phpunit-PHP_TokenStream' 'php5-pear-phpunit-Text_Template' 'php5-pear-phpunit-bytekit' 'php5-pear-symfony-YAML' 'php5-pear-symfony2-Console' 'php5-pear-symfony2-Finder' 'php5-pear-symfony2-Yaml' 'php5-pgsql' 'php5-phalcon' 'php5-phar' 'php5-posix' 'php5-pspell' 'php5-readline' 'php5-redland' 'php5-shmop' 'php5-smarty3' 'php5-smarty3-doc' 'php5-snmp' 'php5-soap' 'php5-sockets' 'php5-sqlite' 'php5-suhosin' 'php5-sysvmsg' 'php5-sysvsem' 'php5-sysvshm' 'php5-tidy' 'php5-tn3270' 'php5-tokenizer' 'php5-wddx' 'php5-xmlreader' 'php5-xmlrpc' 'php5-xmlwriter' 'php5-xsl' 'php5-zip' 'php5-zlib' 'php7' 'php7' 'php7-bcmath' 'php7-bz2' 'php7-calendar' 'php7-ctype' 'php7-curl' 'php7-dba' 'php7-devel' 'php7-dom' 'php7-enchant' 'php7-exif' 'php7-fastcgi' 'php7-fileinfo' 'php7-firebird' 'php7-fpm' 'php7-ftp' 'php7-gd' 'php7-gettext' 'php7-gmp' 'php7-iconv' 'php7-imap' 'php7-intl' 'php7-json' 'php7-ldap' 'php7-mbstring' 'php7-mcrypt' 'php7-mysql' 'php7-odbc' 'php7-opcache' 'php7-openssl' 'php7-pcntl' 'php7-pdo' 'php7-pear' 'php7-pear-Archive_Tar' 'php7-pgsql' 'php7-phalcon' 'php7-phar' 'php7-posix' 'php7-pspell' 'php7-readline' 'php7-shmop' 'php7-snmp' 'php7-soap' 'php7-sockets' 'php7-sqlite' 'php7-sysvmsg' 'php7-sysvsem' 'php7-sysvshm' 'php7-tidy' 'php7-tokenizer' 'php7-wddx' 'php7-xmlreader' 'php7-xmlrpc' 'php7-xmlwriter' 'php7-xsl' 'php7-zip' 'php7-zlib' 'phpMyAdmin' 'phpMyAdmin' 'phpPgAdmin' 'pia' 'pianobar' 'pianobar' 'pianobar-debuginfo' 'picard' 'picard-lang' 'picmi' 'picmi-lang' 'pico' 'picocom' 'picojson-devel' 'pidentd' 'pidgin-devel' 'pidgin-plugin-advanced-sound-notification' 'pidgin-plugin-advanced-sound-notification-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-birthday-reminder' 'pidgin-plugin-birthday-reminder-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-embeddedvideo' 'pidgin-plugin-guifications' 'pidgin-plugin-guifications-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-indicator' 'pidgin-plugin-indicator-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-libnotify' 'pidgin-plugin-libnotify-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-libsteam' 'pidgin-plugin-mrim' 'pidgin-plugin-openfetion' 'pidgin-plugin-otr' 'pidgin-plugin-otr-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-pack' 'pidgin-plugin-pack-extras' 'pidgin-plugin-privacy-please' 'pidgin-plugin-privacy-please-lang' 'pidgin-plugin-prpltwtr' 'pidgin-plugin-sipe' 'pidgin-plugin-skype' 'pidgin-plugin-skypeweb' 'pidgin-plugin-telegram' 'pidgin-plugin-xmpp-receipts' 'piglit' 'pilot' 'pilot-link' 'pimcommon-devel' 'pin' 'pinentry-gtk2' 'pinfo' 'pingtunnel' 'pingus' 'pink-pony' 'pink-pony-data' 'pinpoint' 'pithos' 'pitivi' 'pitivi-lang' 'pix' 'pix-devel' 'pix-lang' 'pixmap' 'pixz' 'pk-update-icon' 'pk-update-icon-lang' 'pkTriggerCord' 'pkcs11-helper-devel' 'pkipplib' 'plank' 'plank-devel' 'plank-lang' 'planner' 'planner-devel' 'planner-lang' 'plasma-framework-32bit' 'plasma-framework-components-32bit' 'plasma-framework-devel' 'plasma-framework-devel-32bit' 'plasma-framework-private-32bit' 'plasma-nm5-l2tp' 'plasma-nm5-openconnect' 'plasma-nm5-openswan' 'plasma-nm5-ssh' 'plasma-nm5-sstp' 'plasma-nm5-strongswan' 'plasma-theme-oxygen' 'plasma5-integration' 'plasma5-openSUSE' 'plasma5-pk-updates' 'plasma5-sdk' 'plasma5-sdk-lang' 'plasma5-workspace' 'plasma5-workspace-devel' 'plasma5-workspace-wallpapers' 'plasmaengineexplorer5' 'plasmoid-active-window-control' 'plasmoid-webcamoid' 'plasmoid-webcamoid' 'plasmoid-webcamoid-debuginfo' 'plasmoid-webcamoid-devel' 'platformsh-cli' 'plee-the-bear' 'plee-the-bear-data' 'plib-devel' 'plistutil' 'plotutils' 'plotutils-devel' 'plowshare' 'plplot' 'plplot-ada' 'plplot-ada-devel' 'plplot-devel' 'plplot-doc' 'plplot-fortran' 'plplot-fortran-devel' 'plplot-java' 'plplot-lua' 'plplot-python-qt' 'plplot-qt' 'plplot-qt-devel' 'plplot-tcltk' 'plplot-tcltk-devel' 'plplot-wxwidgets' 'plplot-wxwidgets-devel' 'pluma' 'pluma-devel' 'pluma-lang' 'plymouth-devel' 'plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber' 'plymouth-plugin-label' 'plymouth-plugin-space-flares' 'plymouth-plugin-throbgress' 'plymouth-plugin-tribar' 'plymouth-plugin-two-step' 'plymouth-theme-breeze' 'plymouth-theme-breeze-plugin-breeze' 'plymouth-theme-fade-in' 'plymouth-theme-script' 'plymouth-theme-solar' 'plymouth-theme-spinfinity' 'plymouth-theme-spinner' 'plymouth-theme-tribar' 'plymouth-x11-renderer' 'plzip' 'pmidi' 'pmount' 'pmount' 'pmount-debuginfo' 'pmount-debugsource' 'pmount-lang' 'pms' 'pms' 'pms-debuginfo' 'pms-debugsource' 'png++' 'png++-devel' 'pngcheck' 'pngcrush' 'pngcrush' 'pnglite-devel' 'pngtoico' 'pnm2ppa' 'po4a' 'po4a-lang' 'pocl' 'pocl-devel' 'podofo' 'poedit' 'poedit-lang' 'pogo' 'pogo' 'pointfree' 'pointful' 'polari' 'polari-lang' 'policycoreutils' 'policycoreutils-lang' 'policycoreutils-newrole' 'policycoreutils-python' 'policycoreutils-sandbox' 'polkit-devel' 'polkit-doc' 'polkit-gnome' 'polkit-gnome-lang' 'polkit-kde-agent-1' 'pology' 'pology-lang' 'polyglot' 'polyglot' 'polyglot-debuginfo' 'polyglot-debugsource' 'pommed' 'pongix' 'ponysay' 'poppler' 'poppler-qt' 'poppler-qt5' 'popt-devel' 'portaudio-devel' 'portmidi' 'portmidi-devel' 'portmidi-java' 'posix_cc' 'posixovl' 'post-build-checks' 'poster' 'postfish' 'postfix-devel' 'postfix-doc' 'postfix-lmdb' 'postfix-mysql' 'postfix-postgresql' 'postfixadmin' 'postgresql' 'postgresql-contrib' 'postgresql-devel' 'postgresql-docs' 'postgresql-init' 'postgresql-jdbc' 'postgresql-jdbc-javadoc' 'postgresql-plperl' 'postgresql-plpython' 'postgresql-pltcl' 'postgresql-server' 'postgresql93' 'postgresql93' 'postgresql93-contrib' 'postgresql93-devel' 'postgresql93-docs' 'postgresql93-libs' 'postgresql93-plperl' 'postgresql93-plpython' 'postgresql93-plr' 'postgresql93-plr-doc' 'postgresql93-pltcl' 'postgresql93-server' 'postgresql93-test' 'postgresql94' 'postgresql94' 'postgresql94-contrib' 'postgresql94-devel' 'postgresql94-docs' 'postgresql94-libs' 'postgresql94-plperl' 'postgresql94-plpython' 'postgresql94-plr' 'postgresql94-plr-doc' 'postgresql94-pltcl' 'postgresql94-server' 'postgresql94-test' 'postgresql95' 'postgresql95' 'postgresql95-contrib' 'postgresql95-devel' 'postgresql95-docs' 'postgresql95-libs' 'postgresql95-plperl' 'postgresql95-plpython' 'postgresql95-pltcl' 'postgresql95-server' 'postgresql95-test' 'postgresql96' 'postgresql96' 'postgresql96-contrib' 'postgresql96-devel' 'postgresql96-docs' 'postgresql96-libs' 'postgresql96-plperl' 'postgresql96-plpython' 'postgresql96-pltcl' 'postgresql96-server' 'postgresql96-test' 'postgrey' 'postsrsd' 'pothana2000-fonts' 'potrace' 'potrace' 'potrace-devel' 'pound' 'pound' 'pound-doc' 'povray' 'powerd' 'powerline' 'powerline-docs' 'powerline-fonts' 'powerman' 'powerman-devel' 'powermanga' 'powermanga' 'powermanga-debuginfo' 'powermanga-debugsource' 'poxml-lang' 'ppp-devel' 'ppp-userpass' 'pps-tools' 'pps-tools-devel' 'ppsspp' 'ppsspp' 'ppsspp-debuginfo' 'pptpd' 'pragha' 'pragha-lang' 'pragha-plugins' 'pragha-plugins-devel' 'prboom-plus' 'prelude-correlator' 'prelude-lml' 'prelude-lml-devel' 'prelude-lml-rules' 'prelude-manager' 'prelude-manager-db-plugin' 'prelude-manager-devel' 'prelude-manager-smtp-plugin' 'prelude-manager-xml-plugin' 'prelude-tools' 'preludedb-tools' 'premake4' 'presage' 'presage-data' 'presentproto-devel' 'prewikka' 'primus' 'primus' 'primus-32bit' 'print_server' 'printer-driver-brlaser' 'printproto-devel' 'prison-qt5-devel' 'prison-qt5-devel-32bit' 'privoxy' 'privoxy-doc' 'procmeter' 'procmeter-devel' 'procps' 'procps-devel' 'profanity' 'profanity-mini' 'profanity-standard' 'proftpd' 'proftpd-devel' 'proftpd-doc' 'proftpd-lang' 'proftpd-ldap' 'proftpd-mysql' 'proftpd-pgsql' 'proftpd-radius' 'proftpd-sqlite' 'proj' 'projectM' 'projectM-data' 'projectM-devel' 'projectM-jack' 'projectM-jack' 'projectM-jack-debuginfo' 'projectM-jack-debugsource' 'projectM-libvisual-alsa' 'projectM-libvisual-alsa' 'projectM-libvisual-alsa-debuginfo' 'prosody' 'proteus' 'proteus' 'protobuf-c' 'protobuf-devel' 'protobuf-java' 'protoc-gen-go' 'proxychains' 'proxychains' 'proxychains-debuginfo' 'proxychains-debugsource' 'proxychains-ng' 'proxymngr' 'prozgui' 'psgml' 'psgplay' 'psi+' 'psi+-icons' 'psi+-iconsets' 'psi+-iconsets' 'psi+-lang' 'psi+-plugins-attentionplugin' 'psi+-plugins-autoreplyplugin' 'psi+-plugins-birthdayreminderplugin' 'psi+-plugins-captchaformsplugin' 'psi+-plugins-chessplugin' 'psi+-plugins-cleanerplugin' 'psi+-plugins-clientswitcherplugin' 'psi+-plugins-conferenceloggerplugin' 'psi+-plugins-contentdownloaderplugin' 'psi+-plugins-devel' 'psi+-plugins-enummessagesplugin' 'psi+-plugins-extendedmenuplugin' 'psi+-plugins-extendedoptionsplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gmailserviceplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gnome3supportplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gnupgplugin' 'psi+-plugins-gomokugameplugin' 'psi+-plugins-historykeeperplugin' 'psi+-plugins-icqdieplugin' 'psi+-plugins-imageplugin' 'psi+-plugins-jabberdiskplugin' 'psi+-plugins-juickplugin' 'psi+-plugins-messagefilterplugin' 'psi+-plugins-otrplugin' 'psi+-plugins-pepchangenotifyplugin' 'psi+-plugins-psimediaplugin' 'psi+-plugins-qipxstatusesplugin' 'psi+-plugins-screenshotplugin' 'psi+-plugins-skinsplugin' 'psi+-plugins-stopspamplugin' 'psi+-plugins-storagenotesplugin' 'psi+-plugins-translateplugin' 'psi+-plugins-videostatusplugin' 'psi+-plugins-watcherplugin' 'psi+-sounds' 'psi+-themes' 'psiconv' 'psiconv-devel' 'psl' 'psl-make-dafsa' 'psmisc' 'pspp' 'pspp' 'pspp-devel' 'psqlODBC' 'pssh' 'pstoedit-devel' 'ptokax' 'ptpd' 'ptpd' 'publicsuffix' 'puddletag' 'puddletag' 'pugixml-devel' 'pullin-bcm43xx-firmware' 'pullin-bcm43xx-firmware' 'pullin-fluendo-mp3' 'pulseaudio' 'pulseaudio-dlna' 'pulseaudio-dlna' 'pulseaudio-equalizer' 'pulseaudio-esound-compat' 'pulseaudio-gdm-hooks' 'pulseaudio-module-gconf' 'pulseaudio-system-wide' 'pulseaudio-zsh-completion' 'pulseview' 'pumpa' 'pure-ftpd' 'purpose-32bit' 'purpose-devel' 'purpose-devel-32bit' 'putty' 'pv' 'pvm' 'pvm-devel' 'pw3270' 'pw3270-devel' 'pw3270-java' 'pw3270-javadoc' 'pw3270-plugin-dbus' 'pw3270-plugin-java' 'pw3270-plugin-rexx' 'pwgen' 'pwlib' 'pwlib-devel' 'pwlib-plugins-v4l2' 'py-fishcrypt' 'pyalsa' 'pyalsaaudio' 'pyalsaaudio' 'pyalsaaudio-debuginfo' 'pyalsaaudio-debugsource' 'pybliographer' 'pybugz' 'pycarddav' 'pychecker' 'pydb' 'pydb' 'pydf' 'pymp3cut' 'pymp3cut' 'pyprompter' 'pyrex' 'pyspacewar' 'pythia-devel' 'pythia-doc' 'python-32bit' 'python-4Suite-XML' 'python-APScheduler' 'python-Attest' 'python-Axiom' 'python-BTrees' 'python-BTrees-devel' 'python-BTrees-doc' 'python-Babel' 'python-Babel-doc' 'python-Beaker' 'python-Brownie' 'python-CDDB' 'python-CXX' 'python-CXX-devel' 'python-Chameleon' 'python-Cheetah' 'python-CherryPy' 'python-CherryPy' 'python-ClientForm' 'python-Coffin' 'python-Coherence' 'python-CouchDB' 'python-CouchDB-doc' 'python-Cycler' 'python-Cython' 'python-Distutils2' 'python-Django' 'python-Durus' 'python-EasyProcess' 'python-Epsilon' 'python-Fabric' 'python-Flask' 'python-Flask-WTF' 'python-Flask-WTF-doc' 'python-Flask-doc' 'python-FormEncode' 'python-FormEncode-doc' 'python-Frozen-Flask' 'python-Genshi' 'python-Genshi-doc' 'python-GeoIP' 'python-GitPython' 'python-GooCalendar' 'python-Jinja2' 'python-Jinja2-emacs' 'python-Jinja2-vim' 'python-JsonWeb' 'python-Kajiki' 'python-Kivy' 'python-Kivy-devel' 'python-Kivy-doc' 'python-LHAPDF' 'python-Levenshtein' 'python-Louie' 'python-M2Crypto' 'python-Mako' 'python-Markdown' 'python-MarkupSafe' 'python-Markups' 'python-Ming' 'python-MiniMock' 'python-MySQL-python' 'python-MythTV-0_27' 'python-OleFileIO_PL' 'python-OpenColorIO' 'python-OpenColorIO-devel' 'python-OpenEXR' 'python-OpenEXR-doc' 'python-OpenImageIO' 'python-Parsley' 'python-Parsley-doc' 'python-Paste' 'python-PasteDeploy' 'python-PasteScript' 'python-Pillow' 'python-Pillow-tk' 'python-Pint' 'python-PrettyTable' 'python-PyAudio' 'python-PyAudio-docs' 'python-PyGithub' 'python-PyICU' 'python-PyJWT' 'python-PyJWT' 'python-PyMySQL' 'python-PyPDF2' 'python-PySocks' 'python-PyVirtualDisplay' 'python-PyWebDAV' 'python-PyYAML' 'python-PyYAML' 'python-Pygments' 'python-Pylons' 'python-Rivet' 'python-Routes' 'python-SHERPA-MC' 'python-SPARQLWrapper' 'python-SQLAlchemy' 'python-SQLAlchemy-Utils' 'python-SQLAlchemy-doc' 'python-SecretStorage' 'python-Shapely' 'python-Shed_Skin' 'python-Shed_Skin-doc' 'python-Sphinx' 'python-Sphinx-doc' 'python-Sphinx-latex' 'python-Tempita' 'python-Trolly' 'python-Twisted' 'python-Twisted-doc' 'python-UcsSdk' 'python-Unidecode' 'python-WSGIProxy' 'python-WSGIProxy2' 'python-WSME' 'python-WTForms' 'python-WTForms-doc' 'python-WTForms-lang' 'python-WebError' 'python-WebHelpers' 'python-WebOb' 'python-WebOb-doc' 'python-WebTest' 'python-WebTest-doc' 'python-Werkzeug' 'python-Werkzeug-doc' 'python-Whoosh' 'python-XlsxWriter' 'python-YODA' 'python-ZConfig' 'python-ZConfig-doc' 'python-ZEO' 'python-ZEO-doc' 'python-ZODB' 'python-ZODB-doc' 'python-ZODB3' 'python-acme' 'python-acme-doc' 'python-adal' 'python-aedir' 'python-aioeventlet' 'python-alabaster' 'python-alembic' 'python-amqp' 'python-amqplib' 'python-antlr' 'python-antlr3_runtime' 'python-anyjson' 'python-ao' 'python-aodhclient' 'python-aodhclient-doc' 'python-apache-libcloud' 'python-apache-libcloud' 'python-apfel' 'python-apipkg' 'python-appdirs' 'python-appindicator' 'python-apsw' 'python-apsw-doc' 'python-argcomplete' 'python-argh' 'python-argparse' 'python-astroid' 'python-async' 'python-atspi' 'python-attrs' 'python-augeas' 'python-autodoc' 'python-automaton' 'python-automaton-doc' 'python-autopep8' 'python-avahi' 'python-avahi-gtk' 'python-avogadro' 'python-babelfish' 'python-backports' 'python-backports.functools_lru_cache' 'python-backports.ssl_match_hostname' 'python-backports_abc' 'python-barbicanclient' 'python-barbicanclient-doc' 'python-base-32bit' 'python-bcc' 'python-bcdoc' 'python-bcrypt' 'python-beautifulsoup' 'python-beautifulsoup4' 'python-beautifulsoup4-doc' 'python-bencode' 'python-betamax' 'python-bibtex' 'python-billiard' 'python-binplist' 'python-biplist' 'python-bjoern' 'python-blessings' 'python-blinker' 'python-blinker' 'python-blist' 'python-blosc' 'python-bonobo' 'python-boto' 'python-boto' 'python-boto-doc' 'python-boto3' 'python-boto3' 'python-botocore' 'python-botocore' 'python-bottle' 'python-braille' 'python-bsddb3' 'python-bsddb3-devel' 'python-bugzilla' 'python-bugzillatools' 'python-bumpversion' 'python-cached-property' 'python-cachetools' 'python-cairo-devel' 'python-cairocffi' 'python-cairocffi-pixbuf' 'python-caja' 'python-caja-devel' 'python-caja-lang' 'python-caldav' 'python-camgm' 'python-capng' 'python-carrot' 'python-castellan' 'python-castellan-doc' 'python-cdecimal' 'python-ceilometerclient' 'python-ceilometerclient-doc' 'python-celery' 'python-celerymon' 'python-ceph-compat' 'python-cephfs' 'python-cerealizer' 'python-certbot' 'python-certbot-apache' 'python-certbot-dns-cloudflare' 'python-certbot-dns-cloudxns' 'python-certbot-dns-digitalocean' 'python-certbot-dns-dnsimple' 'python-certbot-dns-google' 'python-certbot-dns-nsone' 'python-certbot-dns-route53' 'python-certbot-nginx' 'python-certifi' 'python-characteristic' 'python-chardet' 'python-chewing' 'python-cinderclient' 'python-cinderclient-doc' 'python-ciscoconfparse' 'python-cl' 'python-clang' 'python-click' 'python-cliff' 'python-cliff-doc' 'python-cliff-tablib' 'python-cloudfiles' 'python-cly' 'python-cmd2' 'python-cmdln' 'python-colorama' 'python-colorlog' 'python-concurrentloghandler' 'python-configargparse' 'python-configparser' 'python-configshell' 'python-configshell-doc' 'python-configshell-fb' 'python-configshell-fb-doc' 'python-congressclient' 'python-congressclient-doc' 'python-construct' 'python-contextlib2' 'python-couchdbkit' 'python-cov-core' 'python-coverage' 'python-cracklib' 'python-crcmod' 'python-croniter' 'python-cryptopp' 'python-cssutils' 'python-ctypesgen' 'python-cups' 'python-cursive' 'python-curtsies' 'python-cwiid' 'python-d2to1' 'python-dateutil' 'python-ddt' 'python-debtcollector' 'python-dee' 'python-defusedxml' 'python-deltarpm' 'python-demjson' 'python-demo' 'python-deprecation' 'python-designateclient' 'python-designateclient-doc' 'python-detox' 'python-dfVFS' 'python-dfdatetime' 'python-dfwinreg' 'python-dialog' 'python-dib-utils' 'python-diff_match_patch' 'python-dingus' 'python-discid' 'python-discover' 'python-distorm3' 'python-distutils-extra' 'python-django-appconf' 'python-django-athumb' 'python-django-auth-ldap' 'python-django-authopenid' 'python-django-avatar' 'python-django-celery' 'python-django-dajax' 'python-django-dajaxice' 'python-django-dbtemplates' 'python-django-debug-toolbar' 'python-django-grappelli' 'python-django-guardian' 'python-django-international' 'python-django-mailer' 'python-django-mediasync' 'python-django-navigation' 'python-django-nose' 'python-django-nose-selenium' 'python-django-picklefield' 'python-django-piston' 'python-django-registration' 'python-django-reversion' 'python-django-static' 'python-django-tastypie' 'python-django_compressor' 'python-django_openstack_auth' 'python-djvulibre' 'python-djvulibre-doc' 'python-dnspython' 'python-doc' 'python-doc-pdf' 'python-docker-py' 'python-docker-py-test' 'python-docker-pycreds' 'python-dockerpty' 'python-docopt' 'python-docutils' 'python-dogpile.cache' 'python-dojango' 'python-dpkt' 'python-dtopt' 'python-dulwich' 'python-dulwich' 'python-ec2deprecateimg' 'python-ec2metadata' 'python-ec2publishimg' 'python-ec2uploadimg' 'python-ec2utilsbase' 'python-ecasound' 'python-ecdsa' 'python-ed25519ll' 'python-editdistance' 'python-efilter' 'python-egenix-mx-base' 'python-egenix-mx-base-devel' 'python-egg' 'python-elasticsearch' 'python-entrypoint2' 'python-enzyme' 'python-espeak' 'python-ethtool' 'python-etude' 'python-evemu' 'python-eventlet' 'python-eventlet-doc' 'python-evtx' 'python-execnet' 'python-execnet-doc' 'python-extras' 'python-eyeD3' 'python-factory_boy' 'python-fake-factory' 'python-falcon' 'python-farstream-0_1' 'python-farstream-0_1-debuginfo' 'python-fasteners' 'python-fasteners' 'python-fastimport' 'python-faulthandler' 'python-fcgi' 'python-feedparser' 'python-feedzilla' 'python-fityk' 'python-fixtures' 'python-flake8' 'python-flickrapi' 'python-flup' 'python-fpconst' 'python-fpconst' 'python-fs' 'python-fudge' 'python-funcparserlib' 'python-funcsigs' 'python-functional' 'python-functools32' 'python-fuse' 'python-future' 'python-futures' 'python-futurist' 'python-gamin' 'python-gconf' 'python-gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin' 'python-gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin' 'python-gdal' 'python-gdata' 'python-gdbm' 'python-geopy' 'python-geos' 'python-getdata' 'python-gevent' 'python-gexiv2' 'python-gitdb' 'python-glanceclient' 'python-glanceclient-doc' 'python-glucat' 'python-gnocchiclient' 'python-gnocchiclient-doc' 'python-gnome' 'python-gnome-32bit' 'python-gnome-devel' 'python-gnome-dvb-daemon' 'python-gnome-extras' 'python-gnome-extras-devel' 'python-gnomecanvas' 'python-gnomedesktop' 'python-gnomekeyring' 'python-gnomeprint' 'python-gnomevfs' 'python-gnucash' 'python-gnupg' 'python-gobject-devel' 'python-gobject2-devel' 'python-goocanvas' 'python-goocanvas-devel' 'python-google-api-python-client' 'python-google-apitools' 'python-google-apitools' 'python-google-apputils' 'python-gpgme' 'python-gpod' 'python-gpsd' 'python-greenlet' 'python-greenlet-devel' 'python-grequests' 'python-gst' 'python-gstreamer-0_10' 'python-gstreamer-0_10' 'python-gstreamer-0_10-debuginfo' 'python-gstreamer-0_10-debugsource' 'python-gstreamer-0_10-devel' 'python-gtk-devel' 'python-gtk-doc' 'python-gtk-vnc' 'python-gtksourceview' 'python-gtksourceview-devel' 'python-gtkspell' 'python-gtop' 'python-gudev' 'python-guessit' 'python-gunicorn' 'python-gunicorn-doc' 'python-gupnp-igd' 'python-h5py' 'python-hachoir-core' 'python-hachoir-metadata' 'python-hachoir-parser' 'python-halite' 'python-happybase' 'python-heatclient' 'python-heatclient-doc' 'python-hgtools' 'python-hivex' 'python-hl7apy' 'python-holoviews' 'python-hp3parclient' 'python-html2text' 'python-html5lib' 'python-http-parser' 'python-httplib2' 'python-httplib2' 'python-httpretty' 'python-httpretty' 'python-humanfriendly' 'python-hypothesis' 'python-ibus' 'python-icalendar' 'python-idle' 'python-imagesize' 'python-imagestore' 'python-imobiledevice' 'python-iniparse' 'python-interlude' 'python-invoke' 'python-ioflo' 'python-ipa_hbac' 'python-ipaddr' 'python-iptables' 'python-ipy' 'python-ipython_genutils' 'python-irclib' 'python-ironic-inspector-client' 'python-ironicclient' 'python-ironicclient-doc' 'python-iso8601' 'python-isodate' 'python-isort' 'python-itsdangerous' 'python-jdcal' 'python-jedi' 'python-jenkins-job-builder' 'python-jenkinsapi' 'python-jmespath' 'python-jmespath' 'python-jrnl' 'python-jsonpatch' 'python-jsonpath-rw' 'python-jsonpointer' 'python-jsonrpclib' 'python-jsonschema' 'python-junitxml' 'python-jupyter_core' 'python-jupyter_core-doc-html' 'python-jupyter_nbformat' 'python-jupyter_nbformat-doc' 'python-jwcrypto' 'python-k8sclient' 'python-k8sclient-doc' 'python-kaa-base' 'python-kaa-metadata' 'python-kafka-python' 'python-katedj' 'python-kazoo' 'python-kde4' 'python-kde4-devel' 'python-kde4-doc' 'python-kde4-khtml' 'python-kde4-knewstuff' 'python-kde4-phonon' 'python-kde4-plasma' 'python-kdebase4' 'python-kerberos' 'python-keybinder' 'python-keyczar' 'python-keyring' 'python-keystoneauth1' 'python-keystoneauth1-doc' 'python-keystoneclient' 'python-keystoneclient-doc' 'python-keystonemiddleware' 'python-keystonemiddleware-doc' 'python-kid' 'python-killswitch' 'python-kiwi' 'python-kmod' 'python-kombu' 'python-kopano' 'python-krbV' 'python-ktoblzcheck' 'python-lash' 'python-launchpadlib' 'python-lazr.uri' 'python-lazy-object-proxy' 'python-lazy_object_proxy' 'python-lcms' 'python-ldap' 'python-ldap3' 'python-ldb' 'python-ldb-32bit' 'python-ldb-devel' 'python-ldns' 'python-lesscpy' 'python-leveldb' 'python-libaccounts' 'python-libbde' 'python-libcec' 'python-libcec-debuginfo' 'python-libesedb' 'python-libevt' 'python-libevtx' 'python-libewf' 'python-libexe' 'python-libfsntfs' 'python-libfvde' 'python-libfwnt' 'python-libfwsi' 'python-libgsignon' 'python-libguestfs' 'python-libkolab0' 'python-libkolab1' 'python-libkolabxml1' 'python-liblarch' 'python-liblarch_gtk' 'python-liblnk' 'python-libmount' 'python-libmount' 'python-libmsiecf' 'python-libnacl' 'python-libolecf' 'python-libpamtest' 'python-libpff' 'python-libpfm' 'python-libprelude' 'python-libpreludedb' 'python-libproxy' 'python-libqcow' 'python-libregf' 'python-libscca' 'python-libsigscan' 'python-libsmdev' 'python-libsmraw' 'python-libstoragemgmt' 'python-libstoragemgmt-clibs' 'python-libteam' 'python-libvhdi' 'python-libvmdk' 'python-libvshadow' 'python-libvslvm' 'python-libxml2' 'python-libxml2' 'python-lilv' 'python-linecache2' 'python-lmiwbem' 'python-lockfile' 'python-logilab-common' 'python-logutils' 'python-louis' 'python-louis' 'python-lxc-python2' 'python-lxml-devel' 'python-lxml-doc' 'python-magic' 'python-magic' 'python-magnumclient' 'python-magnumclient-doc' 'python-managesieve' 'python-manilaclient' 'python-manilaclient-doc' 'python-manilaclient-test' 'python-manuel' 'python-manuel-doc' 'python-mapi' 'python-marisa' 'python-mate-menus' 'python-mathgl' 'python-matplotlib' 'python-matplotlib-cairo' 'python-matplotlib-designer' 'python-matplotlib-gtk2' 'python-matplotlib-gtk3' 'python-matplotlib-latex' 'python-matplotlib-qt-shared' 'python-matplotlib-qt4' 'python-matplotlib-qt5' 'python-matplotlib-tk' 'python-matplotlib-web' 'python-matplotlib-wx' 'python-maxminddb' 'python-mccabe' 'python-mechanize' 'python-mechanoid' 'python-metaextract' 'python-miniupnpc' 'python-mistralclient' 'python-mistralclient-doc' 'python-mistune' 'python-mistune' 'python-mlt' 'python-mlt-debuginfo' 'python-mock' 'python-mockito' 'python-mockldap' 'python-monascaclient' 'python-mongodict' 'python-monkeysign' 'python-monotonic' 'python-monotonic' 'python-morbid' 'python-mox' 'python-mox3' 'python-mpd' 'python-mpd' 'python-mpi4py' 'python-mpi4py-common-devel' 'python-mpi4py-devel' 'python-mpi4py-doc' 'python-mpservlets' 'python-mpservlets-doc' 'python-mpservlets-tutorial' 'python-mraa' 'python-msgpack-python' 'python-msrest' 'python-msrestazure' 'python-multi_key_dict' 'python-muranoclient' 'python-muranoclient-doc' 'python-musicbrainz2' 'python-musicbrainz2' 'python-mutagen' 'python-mygpoclient' 'python-mygpoclient' 'python-mysql-connector-python' 'python-mythtv' 'python-nautilus' 'python-nautilus-devel' 'python-nbxmpp' 'python-nbxmpp-doc' 'python-ncclient' 'python-ncclient-doc' 'python-ndg-httpsclient' 'python-nemo' 'python-neovim' 'python-netaddr' 'python-netifaces' 'python-networkx' 'python-neutronclient' 'python-neutronclient-doc' 'python-newt' 'python-nghttp2' 'python-nlopt' 'python-nose' 'python-nose-cover3' 'python-nose-doc' 'python-nose-exclude' 'python-nosehtmloutput' 'python-nosexcover' 'python-notify' 'python-notify-devel' 'python-notify2' 'python-notify2' 'python-notmuch' 'python-notmuch-doc' 'python-novaclient' 'python-novaclient-doc' 'python-novaclient-test' 'python-nss' 'python-numexpr' 'python-numpy-devel' 'python-numpy-doc-html' 'python-numpydoc' 'python-oauth' 'python-oauth2' 'python-oauth2-test' 'python-oauth2client' 'python-oauth2client' 'python-oauth2client-django' 'python-oauth2client-flask' 'python-oauth2client-gce' 'python-oauth2client-test' 'python-oauthlib' 'python-obexftp' 'python-odfpy' 'python-odict' 'python-odorik' 'python-openbabel' 'python-opencv' 'python-opencv-qt5' 'python-opengl' 'python-opengl-accelerate' 'python-openpyxl' 'python-openpyxl' 'python-openqa_review' 'python-openqa_review' 'python-openstack-doc-tools' 'python-openstack.nose_plugin' 'python-openstackclient' 'python-openstackclient-doc' 'python-openstackdocstheme' 'python-openstacksdk' 'python-openstacksdk-doc' 'python-openvswitch' 'python-openvswitch-test' 'python-optcomplete' 'python-orbit' 'python-orbit-devel' 'python-os-api-ref' 'python-os-client-config' 'python-os-cloud-config' 'python-os-testr' 'python-os-testr-doc' 'python-os-win' 'python-os-win-doc' 'python-osc-lib' 'python-osc-lib-doc' 'python-oslo.cache' 'python-oslo.cache-doc' 'python-oslo.concurrency' 'python-oslo.concurrency-doc' 'python-oslo.config' 'python-oslo.config-doc' 'python-oslo.context' 'python-oslo.context-doc' 'python-oslo.db' 'python-oslo.db-doc' 'python-oslo.i18n' 'python-oslo.i18n-doc' 'python-oslo.log' 'python-oslo.log-doc' 'python-oslo.messaging' 'python-oslo.messaging-doc' 'python-oslo.middleware' 'python-oslo.middleware-doc' 'python-oslo.policy' 'python-oslo.policy-doc' 'python-oslo.privsep' 'python-oslo.privsep-doc' 'python-oslo.reports' 'python-oslo.reports-doc' 'python-oslo.rootwrap' 'python-oslo.rootwrap-doc' 'python-oslo.serialization' 'python-oslo.serialization-doc' 'python-oslo.service' 'python-oslo.service-doc' 'python-oslo.utils' 'python-oslo.utils-doc' 'python-oslo.versionedobjects' 'python-oslo.versionedobjects-doc' 'python-oslo.vmware' 'python-oslo.vmware-doc' 'python-oslosphinx' 'python-oslotest' 'python-osprofiler' 'python-osprofiler-doc' 'python-packaging' 'python-pam' 'python-parallax' 'python-param' 'python-paramiko' 'python-parsedatetime' 'python-pass_python_keyring' 'python-passlib' 'python-path.py' 'python-pathtools' 'python-patsy' 'python-pbr' 'python-pbr-doc' 'python-pcp' 'python-pdfrw' 'python-pecan' 'python-pefile' 'python-pep8' 'python-persistent' 'python-persistent-devel' 'python-persistent-doc' 'python-pexpect' 'python-pickleshare' 'python-pifpaf' 'python-pika' 'python-pika-pool' 'python-pisock' 'python-piston-mini-client' 'python-pivy' 'python-pivy' 'python-pivy-debuginfo' 'python-pivy-debugsource' 'python-pkgconfig' 'python-pkginfo' 'python-plist' 'python-pluggy' 'python-ply' 'python-ply-doc' 'python-plyvel' 'python-podcastparser' 'python-podcastparser' 'python-polib' 'python-polib-doc' 'python-poppler' 'python-poppler-qt4' 'python-portpicker' 'python-positional' 'python-posix_ipc' 'python-presage' 'python-presagemate' 'python-pretend' 'python-proboscis' 'python-process-tests' 'python-progressbar' 'python-protobuf' 'python-pssh' 'python-psutil' 'python-psycopg2' 'python-psycopg2-doc' 'python-ptyprocess' 'python-puppetboard' 'python-puppetboard-apache' 'python-puppetboard-uwsgi' 'python-pushy' 'python-pwquality' 'python-py' 'python-py-bcrypt' 'python-py-cpuinfo' 'python-py-doc' 'python-py2pack' 'python-py2pack' 'python-pyBarcode' 'python-pyOpenSSL-doc' 'python-pyPEG2' 'python-pyRFC3339' 'python-pyasn1-modules' 'python-pybeam' 'python-pybluez' 'python-pybtex' 'python-pybtex-doc' 'python-pycadf' 'python-pycadf-doc' 'python-pycdio' 'python-pycha' 'python-pycountry' 'python-pycrypto' 'python-pycurl' 'python-pycurl-doc' 'python-pydot' 'python-pydot3' 'python-pydotplus' 'python-pyenchant' 'python-pyexiv2' 'python-pyflakes' 'python-pyftpdlib' 'python-pygame' 'python-pygame-devel' 'python-pygame-doc' 'python-pyghmi' 'python-pygit2' 'python-pyglet' 'python-pygraphviz' 'python-pyinotify' 'python-pyinsane' 'python-pyinsane2' 'python-pykerberos' 'python-pylibacl' 'python-pylibacl-doc' 'python-pyliblzma' 'python-pyliblzma-doc' 'python-pylibmc' 'python-pylint' 'python-pylons_sphinx_theme' 'python-pylzma' 'python-pymad' 'python-pymad' 'python-pymad-debuginfo' 'python-pymad-debugsource' 'python-pymetar' 'python-pymongo' 'python-pymp3cut' 'python-pyocr' 'python-pyparsing' 'python-pyparsing-doc' 'python-pypdf' 'python-pyplete' 'python-pypuppetdb' 'python-pyquery' 'python-pyramid' 'python-pyramid-doc' 'python-pyroute2' 'python-pyrrd' 'python-pysaml2' 'python-pyscard' 'python-pysendfile' 'python-pyserial' 'python-pyside' 'python-pyside-devel' 'python-pyside-doc' 'python-pyside-shiboken' 'python-pyside-shiboken-doc' 'python-pyside-tools' 'python-pyside-tools' 'python-pyside-tools-debuginfo' 'python-pyside-tools-debugsource' 'python-pysmell' 'python-pysmi' 'python-pysnmp' 'python-pysnmp-utils' 'python-pysqlite' 'python-pysrt' 'python-pysvn' 'python-pyte' 'python-pytest' 'python-pytest-cov' 'python-pytest-doc' 'python-pytest-runner' 'python-python-daemon' 'python-python-digest' 'python-python-editor' 'python-python-gammu' 'python-python-gflags' 'python-python-jenkins' 'python-python-memcached' 'python-python-mimeparse' 'python-python-openid' 'python-python-sql' 'python-python-stdnum' 'python-python-subunit' 'python-python-termstyle' 'python-python-urljr' 'python-pytidylib' 'python-pytidylib6' 'python-pytools' 'python-pytz' 'python-pyuca' 'python-pywbem' 'python-pyweblib' 'python-pyxb' 'python-pyzmq' 'python-pyzmq-devel' 'python-qpid' 'python-qpid-common' 'python-qpid-proton' 'python-qpid-proton-doc' 'python-qpid-qmf' 'python-qpid_messaging' 'python-qrcode' 'python-qscintilla' 'python-qscintilla-sip' 'python-qt4-devel' 'python-qt4-utils' 'python-qt5' 'python-qt5-devel' 'python-qt5-utils' 'python-rados' 'python-raet' 'python-random2' 'python-rapi2' 'python-rapi2-debuginfo' 'python-rarfile' 'python-rarfile-doc' 'python-ravello-sdk' 'python-rbd' 'python-rdflib' 'python-rdflib-doc' 'python-rebulk' 'python-redis' 'python-redland' 'python-rednose' 'python-regex' 'python-relatorio' 'python-remoto' 'python-reno' 'python-reportlab' 'python-repoze.lru' 'python-repoze.sphinx.autointerface' 'python-repoze.who' 'python-requestbuilder' 'python-requests' 'python-requests-kerberos' 'python-requests-mock' 'python-requests-oauthlib' 'python-requests-toolbelt' 'python-requestsexceptions' 'python-requirements-detector' 'python-requirements-parser' 'python-restkit' 'python-retry_decorator' 'python-retrying' 'python-rfc3986' 'python-rgw' 'python-roman' 'python-rope' 'python-rpm-macros' 'python-rpm-macros' 'python-rrdtool' 'python-rsa' 'python-rst2pdf' 'python-rsvg' 'python-rtaudio' 'python-rtaudio-debuginfo' 'python-rtslib' 'python-rtslib' 'python-rtslib-fb' 'python-rtslib-fb' 'python-rtslib-fb-doc' 'python-ruamel.base' 'python-ruamel.ordereddict' 'python-ruamel.yaml' 'python-s3transfer' 'python-s3transfer' 'python-saharaclient' 'python-saharaclient-doc' 'python-salt-testing' 'python-sanlock' 'python-scapy' 'python-scapy' 'python-scgi' 'python-scipy' 'python-scipy-weave' 'python-scitools' 'python-scour' 'python-scripttest' 'python-seacucumber' 'python-selinux' 'python-semanage' 'python-semantic_version' 'python-semver' 'python-send2trash' 'python-senlinclient' 'python-senlinclient-doc' 'python-service_identity' 'python-setools' 'python-setproctitle' 'python-setuptools-git' 'python-setuptools_scm' 'python-sh' 'python-sievelib' 'python-simplebayes' 'python-simpleeval' 'python-simplegeneric' 'python-simplejson' 'python-simplejson' 'python-singledispatch' 'python-sip-devel' 'python-six-doc' 'python-slapdsock' 'python-sleekxmpp' 'python-slimit' 'python-slimmer' 'python-slip' 'python-slip-dbus' 'python-slip-gtk' 'python-slowaes' 'python-slumber' 'python-smbc' 'python-smbios' 'python-smmap' 'python-snowballstemmer' 'python-socketpool' 'python-sortedcontainers' 'python-sphinx-testing' 'python-sphinx_rtd_theme' 'python-sphinxcontrib-breathe' 'python-sphinxcontrib-docbookrestapi' 'python-sphinxcontrib-httpdomain' 'python-sphinxcontrib-issuetracker' 'python-sphinxcontrib-pecanwsme' 'python-sphinxcontrib-programoutput' 'python-spyderlib' 'python-sqlalchemy-migrate' 'python-sqlparse' 'python-sss_nss_idmap' 'python-sssd-config' 'python-statsd' 'python-stevedore' 'python-stevedore-doc' 'python-stomper' 'python-storm' 'python-storm-django' 'python-storm-mysql' 'python-storm-postgresql' 'python-storm-twisted' 'python-suds-jurko' 'python-sure' 'python-svg2rlg' 'python-svneverever' 'python-swiftclient' 'python-swiftclient-doc' 'python-sympy' 'python-systemd' 'python-tables' 'python-tables-doc' 'python-tablib' 'python-tabulate' 'python-tagpy' 'python-talloc-devel' 'python-taskflow' 'python-taskflow-doc' 'python-tdb' 'python-tdb-32bit' 'python-tempest-lib' 'python-temps' 'python-tenacity' 'python-termcolor' 'python-terminado' 'python-testpath' 'python-testrepository' 'python-testresources' 'python-testscenarios' 'python-testtools' 'python-tevent' 'python-tevent-32bit' 'python-texttable' 'python-thrift' 'python-tlslite' 'python-tlslite-doc' 'python-tn3270' 'python-tooz' 'python-tooz-doc' 'python-tornado' 'python-tornado' 'python-totem' 'python-tox' 'python-traceback2' 'python-traitlets' 'python-transaction' 'python-transaction-doc' 'python-translationstring' 'python-translationstring-doc' 'python-tre' 'python-trollius' 'python-troveclient' 'python-troveclient-doc' 'python-tsk' 'python-tvdb_api' 'python-tvdb_api' 'python-tvrage' 'python-tvrage' 'python-tweepy' 'python-twine' 'python-txsocksx' 'python-typing' 'python-tzlocal' 'python-ujson' 'python-uncertainties' 'python-unicodecsv' 'python-unittest-xml-reporting' 'python-unittest2' 'python-uritemplate' 'python-uritemplate' 'python-urlgrabber' 'python-urllib3' 'python-urwid' 'python-usb' 'python-utidy' 'python-utidy-devel-doc' 'python-vcs' 'python-vcversioner' 'python-venusian' 'python-venusian-doc' 'python-versiontools' 'python-veusz' 'python-vips' 'python-virtkey' 'python-virtualbox' 'python-virtualenv' 'python-virtualenv-clone' 'python-virtualenv-doc' 'python-virtualenvwrapper' 'python-vobject' 'python-volatility' 'python-voluptuous' 'python-vte' 'python-wadllib' 'python-waitress' 'python-warlock' 'python-wcwidth' 'python-weakrefmethod' 'python-weave' 'python-web.py' 'python-webkitgtk' 'python-webkitgtk-devel' 'python-websocket-client' 'python-websocket-client-test' 'python-websockify' 'python-websockify' 'python-webunit' 'python-wheel' 'python-wikipedia' 'python-wnck' 'python-wrapt' 'python-wsgi_intercept' 'python-wsgiref' 'python-wxWidgets' 'python-wxWidgets-3_0' 'python-wxWidgets-3_0-devel' 'python-wxWidgets-3_0-lang' 'python-wxWidgets-devel' 'python-wxWidgets-lang' 'python-xapian' 'python-xapp' 'python-xattr' 'python-xklavier' 'python-xlib' 'python-xlrd' 'python-xlwt' 'python-xmldiff' 'python-xmms2' 'python-yaql' 'python-yara' 'python-youtube-dl' 'python-yubico' 'python-yui' 'python-yum' 'python-z3' 'python-zake' 'python-zaqarclient' 'python-zaqarclient-doc' 'python-zbar' 'python-zbar-gtk' 'python-zc.lockfile' 'python-zc_buildout' 'python-zdaemon' 'python-zeroconf' 'python-zeroconf' 'python-zinnia' 'python-zope.component' 'python-zope.component-doc' 'python-zope.configuration' 'python-zope.configuration-doc' 'python-zope.deprecation' 'python-zope.deprecation-doc' 'python-zope.event' 'python-zope.event-doc' 'python-zope.exceptions' 'python-zope.exceptions-doc' 'python-zope.hookable' 'python-zope.hookable-doc' 'python-zope.i18nmessageid' 'python-zope.i18nmessageid-doc' 'python-zope.interface' 'python-zope.interface-doc' 'python-zope.proxy' 'python-zope.proxy-devel' 'python-zope.proxy-doc' 'python-zope.schema' 'python-zope.schema-doc' 'python-zope.testbrowser' 'python-zope.testing' 'python-zope.testrunner' 'python-zypp' 'python2-clustershell' 'python2-compizconfig' 'python2-kiwi' 'python2-libtorrent-rasterbar' 'python3-32bit' 'python3-Attest' 'python3-Babel' 'python3-Beaker' 'python3-Bottleneck' 'python3-CXX' 'python3-CXX-devel' 'python3-CherryPy' 'python3-CommonMark' 'python3-CommonMark-doc' 'python3-Cycler' 'python3-Cython' 'python3-Django' 'python3-Durus' 'python3-EasyProcess' 'python3-Flask' 'python3-Flask-WTF' 'python3-Flask-doc' 'python3-Frozen-Flask' 'python3-Genshi' 'python3-Genshi-doc' 'python3-GeoIP' 'python3-GitgExt' 'python3-IPython' 'python3-IPython-doc' 'python3-Jinja2' 'python3-Jinja2-emacs' 'python3-Jinja2-vim' 'python3-JsonWeb' 'python3-Levenshtein' 'python3-Mako' 'python3-Markdown' 'python3-MarkupSafe' 'python3-Markups' 'python3-MiniMock' 'python3-PasteDeploy' 'python3-Pillow' 'python3-PrettyTable' 'python3-PyICU' 'python3-PyJWT' 'python3-PyJWT' 'python3-PyMySQL' 'python3-PyPDF2' 'python3-PyVirtualDisplay' 'python3-PyWebDAV3-GNUHealth' 'python3-PyYAML' 'python3-Pygments' 'python3-QtAwesome' 'python3-QtPy' 'python3-SPARQLWrapper' 'python3-SQLAlchemy' 'python3-SQLAlchemy-doc' 'python3-Sphinx' 'python3-Sphinx-doc' 'python3-Tempita' 'python3-Trolly' 'python3-Twisted' 'python3-Twisted-doc' 'python3-WTForms' 'python3-WebOb' 'python3-WebOb-doc' 'python3-Werkzeug' 'python3-Werkzeug-doc' 'python3-XlsxWriter' 'python3-aeidon' 'python3-aiohttp' 'python3-alabaster' 'python3-alembic' 'python3-amqp' 'python3-amqplib' 'python3-anyjson' 'python3-apache-libcloud' 'python3-appdirs' 'python3-apsw' 'python3-apsw-doc' 'python3-argh' 'python3-args' 'python3-arrow' 'python3-astroid' 'python3-atspi' 'python3-audioread' 'python3-autopep8' 'python3-babelfish' 'python3-backports.shutil_get_terminal_size' 'python3-backports.ssl_match_hostname' 'python3-backports_abc' 'python3-base-32bit' 'python3-bcc' 'python3-bcrypt' 'python3-beautifulsoup4' 'python3-beautifulsoup4-doc' 'python3-betamax' 'python3-biplist' 'python3-blessings' 'python3-blinker' 'python3-blosc' 'python3-boto' 'python3-boto-doc' 'python3-bpython' 'python3-brlapi' 'python3-bsddb3' 'python3-bsddb3-devel' 'python3-cairo-devel' 'python3-cairocffi' 'python3-cairocffi-pixbuf' 'python3-caldav' 'python3-case' 'python3-ccm' 'python3-ceph-argparse' 'python3-cephfs' 'python3-cerealizer' 'python3-certifi' 'python3-cffi' 'python3-cffi-doc' 'python3-chai' 'python3-chardet' 'python3-click' 'python3-clint' 'python3-clustershell' 'python3-cmd2' 'python3-colorama' 'python3-colorlog' 'python3-compizconfig' 'python3-configobj' 'python3-constantly' 'python3-construct' 'python3-cov-core' 'python3-cracklib' 'python3-cryptography' 'python3-cssselect' 'python3-cssutils' 'python3-curtsies' 'python3-d2to1' 'python3-dateutil' 'python3-dbm' 'python3-decorator' 'python3-defusedxml' 'python3-deprecation' 'python3-dfdatetime' 'python3-dfwinreg' 'python3-distutils-extra' 'python3-django-appconf' 'python3-django-picklefield' 'python3-dnspython' 'python3-doc' 'python3-doc-pdf' 'python3-docker-py' 'python3-docker-py-test' 'python3-docopt' 'python3-docutils' 'python3-dogpile.cache' 'python3-ecdsa' 'python3-editdistance' 'python3-efl' 'python3-efl-doc' 'python3-efl-examples' 'python3-entrypoint2' 'python3-entrypoints' 'python3-enzyme' 'python3-evemu' 'python3-extras' 'python3-fake-factory' 'python3-feedparser' 'python3-fixtures' 'python3-flake8' 'python3-flexmock' 'python3-future' 'python3-gdal' 'python3-gdata' 'python3-gedit' 'python3-geis' 'python3-gevent' 'python3-gexiv2' 'python3-gmpy' 'python3-gnupg' 'python3-gobject2' 'python3-gobject2-devel' 'python3-greenlet' 'python3-greenlet-devel' 'python3-gst' 'python3-guessit' 'python3-gunicorn' 'python3-gunicorn-doc' 'python3-h5py' 'python3-hl7apy' 'python3-holoviews' 'python3-html2text' 'python3-html5lib' 'python3-http-parser' 'python3-httplib2' 'python3-idle' 'python3-idna' 'python3-imagesize' 'python3-incremental' 'python3-ipaddr' 'python3-ipython_genutils' 'python3-isodate' 'python3-isort' 'python3-itsdangerous' 'python3-jedi' 'python3-jellyfish' 'python3-jsonschema' 'python3-jupyter_client' 'python3-jupyter_client-doc' 'python3-jupyter_core' 'python3-jupyter_core-doc-html' 'python3-jupyter_nbformat' 'python3-kde4' 'python3-kde4-devel' 'python3-kde4-doc' 'python3-kde4-khtml' 'python3-kde4-knewstuff' 'python3-kde4-phonon' 'python3-kde4-plasma' 'python3-keepalive' 'python3-kiwi' 'python3-kombu' 'python3-lazy-object-proxy' 'python3-lazy_object_proxy' 'python3-ldap3' 'python3-ldb' 'python3-ldb-32bit' 'python3-ldb-devel' 'python3-lesscpy' 'python3-libaccounts' 'python3-libarchive-c' 'python3-libfvde' 'python3-libfwnt' 'python3-libgsignon' 'python3-libprelude' 'python3-libpreludedb' 'python3-libscca' 'python3-libsoc' 'python3-libvslvm' 'python3-linecache2' 'python3-logilab-astng' 'python3-logilab-common' 'python3-louis' 'python3-lxml' 'python3-lxml-doc' 'python3-matplotlib' 'python3-matplotlib-cairo' 'python3-matplotlib-gtk2' 'python3-matplotlib-gtk3' 'python3-matplotlib-latex' 'python3-matplotlib-qt-shared' 'python3-matplotlib-qt4' 'python3-matplotlib-web' 'python3-maxminddb' 'python3-mccabe' 'python3-metaextract' 'python3-minidb' 'python3-mistune' 'python3-mistune' 'python3-mock' 'python3-mock-doc' 'python3-mpi4py' 'python3-mpi4py-devel' 'python3-mpmath' 'python3-mpmath-doc' 'python3-mraa' 'python3-msgpack-python' 'python3-multidict' 'python3-munkres' 'python3-musicbrainzngs' 'python3-nbxmpp' 'python3-nbxmpp-doc' 'python3-neovim' 'python3-netifaces' 'python3-networkx' 'python3-nose-cover3' 'python3-nose-exclude' 'python3-notify2' 'python3-notmuch' 'python3-numexpr' 'python3-numpy' 'python3-numpy-devel' 'python3-numpy-doc' 'python3-numpydoc' 'python3-olefile' 'python3-opencv' 'python3-opencv-qt5' 'python3-opengl' 'python3-openpyxl' 'python3-openpyxl' 'python3-openqa_review' 'python3-openshot' 'python3-openshot-debuginfo' 'python3-pandas' 'python3-pandas-doc' 'python3-param' 'python3-paramiko' 'python3-patsy' 'python3-pbr' 'python3-pbr-doc' 'python3-pcp' 'python3-pep8' 'python3-pexpect' 'python3-phue' 'python3-pickleshare' 'python3-pika' 'python3-piston-mini-client' 'python3-pkgconfig' 'python3-pkginfo' 'python3-pluggy' 'python3-ply' 'python3-ply-doc' 'python3-polib' 'python3-polib-doc' 'python3-process-tests' 'python3-progressbar' 'python3-prompt_toolkit' 'python3-psutil' 'python3-psycopg2' 'python3-psycopg2-doc' 'python3-ptyprocess' 'python3-py' 'python3-py-cpuinfo' 'python3-py-doc' 'python3-py-doc' 'python3-pyBarcode' 'python3-pyOpenSSL' 'python3-pyOpenSSL-doc' 'python3-pyPEG2' 'python3-pyasn1' 'python3-pyasn1-modules' 'python3-pybeam' 'python3-pycha' 'python3-pycodestyle' 'python3-pycparser' 'python3-pycrypto' 'python3-pycurl-doc' 'python3-pydicom' 'python3-pydot3' 'python3-pyenchant' 'python3-pyfeyn' 'python3-pyflakes' 'python3-pyftpdlib' 'python3-pygame' 'python3-pygame-devel' 'python3-pygame-doc' 'python3-pyinotify' 'python3-pylast' 'python3-pylint' 'python3-pymongo' 'python3-pyparsing' 'python3-pyparsing-doc' 'python3-pyquery' 'python3-pyrsistent' 'python3-pysendfile' 'python3-pyserial' 'python3-pyside' 'python3-pyside-devel' 'python3-pyside-shiboken' 'python3-pyside-shiboken-doc' 'python3-pysrt' 'python3-pysvn' 'python3-pyte' 'python3-pytest' 'python3-pytest-cov' 'python3-pytest-runner' 'python3-python-editor' 'python3-python-magic' 'python3-python-mimeparse' 'python3-python-mpd2' 'python3-python-ptrace' 'python3-python-sql' 'python3-python-stdnum' 'python3-python-termstyle' 'python3-pytz' 'python3-pyudev' 'python3-pyx' 'python3-pyx-doc' 'python3-pyzmq' 'python3-pyzmq-devel' 'python3-qrcode' 'python3-qscintilla' 'python3-qt4' 'python3-qt4-devel' 'python3-qt5' 'python3-qt5-devel' 'python3-rados' 'python3-rarfile' 'python3-rarfile-doc' 'python3-raven' 'python3-rbd' 'python3-rdflib' 'python3-rdflib-doc' 'python3-rebulk' 'python3-recommonmark' 'python3-redis' 'python3-regex' 'python3-relatorio' 'python3-repoze.sphinx.autointerface' 'python3-requests' 'python3-requests-mock' 'python3-requests-toolbelt' 'python3-rgw' 'python3-rnginline' 'python3-rope' 'python3-rply' 'python3-rpm' 'python3-rpmconf' 'python3-ruamel.base' 'python3-ruamel.yaml' 'python3-scikit-image' 'python3-scipy' 'python3-scripttest' 'python3-semver' 'python3-setproctitle' 'python3-setuptools-git' 'python3-setuptools_scm' 'python3-simpleeval' 'python3-simplegeneric' 'python3-sip' 'python3-sip-devel' 'python3-six' 'python3-six' 'python3-six-doc' 'python3-six-doc' 'python3-sleekxmpp' 'python3-snowballstemmer' 'python3-socketpool' 'python3-solv' 'python3-spark_parser' 'python3-speechd' 'python3-sphinx_rtd_theme' 'python3-sphinxcontrib-issuetracker' 'python3-spyderlib' 'python3-statsmodels' 'python3-stdeb' 'python3-stevedore' 'python3-subliminal' 'python3-sympy' 'python3-tables' 'python3-tables-doc' 'python3-tabulate' 'python3-talloc' 'python3-talloc-32bit' 'python3-talloc-devel' 'python3-tdb' 'python3-tdb-32bit' 'python3-termcolor' 'python3-terminado' 'python3-testpath' 'python3-testscenarios' 'python3-testsuite' 'python3-testtools' 'python3-testtools-doc' 'python3-tevent' 'python3-tevent-32bit' 'python3-textile' 'python3-tk' 'python3-tools' 'python3-tornado' 'python3-tox' 'python3-tox-doc' 'python3-traceback2' 'python3-traitlets' 'python3-transaction' 'python3-trello' 'python3-twine' 'python3-typing' 'python3-ujson' 'python3-unittest-xml-reporting' 'python3-unittest2' 'python3-uritemplate' 'python3-urllib3' 'python3-urwid' 'python3-usb' 'python3-vcversioner' 'python3-versiontools' 'python3-veusz' 'python3-vine' 'python3-virtkey' 'python3-virtualenv' 'python3-virtualenv-doc' 'python3-vobject' 'python3-vtk' 'python3-vtk-qt' 'python3-wcwidth' 'python3-websocket-client' 'python3-websocket-client' 'python3-websocket-client-test' 'python3-websockets' 'python3-wheel' 'python3-wikipedia' 'python3-wrapt' 'python3-ws4py' 'python3-xapp' 'python3-xattr' 'python3-xlib' 'python3-xlrd' 'python3-xlwt' 'python3-xonsh' 'python3-youtube-dl' 'python3-zipstream' 'python3-zope-proxy' 'python3-zope.event' 'python3-zope.interface' 'pyzy-db-android' 'pyzy-db-open-phrase' 'pyzy-devel' 'q4wine' 'q4wine-lang' 'qBittorrent' 'qactus' 'qalculate' 'qbittorrent' 'qbittorrent-nox' 'qca' 'qca-devel' 'qconf' 'qd-devel' 'qdevicemonitor' 'qdirstat' 'qdox' 'qdox-javadoc' 'qdox-repolib' 'qelectrotech' 'qemacs' 'qemu' 'qemu' 'qemu-arm' 'qemu-block-curl' 'qemu-block-dmg' 'qemu-block-iscsi' 'qemu-block-rbd' 'qemu-block-ssh' 'qemu-extra' 'qemu-guest-agent' 'qemu-ipxe' 'qemu-ksm' 'qemu-kvm' 'qemu-lang' 'qemu-linux-user' 'qemu-ovmf-ia32' 'qemu-ovmf-x86_64' 'qemu-ovmf-x86_64-debug' 'qemu-ppc' 'qemu-s390' 'qemu-seabios' 'qemu-sgabios' 'qemu-testsuite' 'qemu-testsuite' 'qemu-tools' 'qemu-vgabios' 'qemu-x86' 'qgit' 'qgle' 'qgo' 'qhexedit2' 'qhexedit2-devel' 'qhexedit2-doc' 'qhull' 'qhull-devel' 'qiv' 'qjackctl' 'qjackctl-lang' 'qlogic-rules' 'qlvnictools' 'qm' 'qml-box2d' 'qmmp' 'qmmp' 'qmmp-debuginfo' 'qmmp-debugsource' 'qmmp-plugin-pack' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-debugsource' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-ffap' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-ffap-debuginfo' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-mpg123' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-mpg123-debuginfo' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-samplerate' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-samplerate-debuginfo' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-xmp' 'qmmp-plugin-pack-xmp-debuginfo' 'qnapi' 'qoauth-devel' 'qoauth-qt5-devel' 'qore' 'qore-asn1-module' 'qore-asn1-module-doc' 'qore-devel' 'qore-devel-doc' 'qore-doc' 'qore-json-module' 'qore-json-module-doc' 'qore-mysql-module' 'qore-mysql-module-doc' 'qore-pgsql-module' 'qore-pgsql-module-doc' 'qore-sqlite3-module' 'qore-sqlite3-module-doc' 'qore-ssh2-module' 'qore-ssh2-module-doc' 'qore-uuid-module' 'qore-uuid-module-doc' 'qore-xml-module' 'qore-xml-module-doc' 'qore-yaml-module' 'qore-yaml-module-doc' 'qos' 'qpdf' 'qpdf' 'qpdf-devel' 'qpdfview' 'qpdfview' 'qpdfview-lang' 'qperf' 'qphotorec' 'qpid-cpp-client' 'qpid-cpp-client-devel' 'qpid-cpp-client-devel-docs' 'qpid-cpp-server' 'qpid-cpp-server-ha' 'qpid-cpp-server-store' 'qpid-proton-devel' 'qpid-proton-devel-doc' 'qpid-qmf' 'qpid-qmf-devel' 'qpid-tools' 'qpress' 'qprint' 'qps' 'qputty' 'qputty' 'qputty-debuginfo' 'qputty-debugsource' 'qqwing' 'qqwing-devel' 'qrencode' 'qrencode-devel' 'qrupdate' 'qrupdate-devel' 'qrupdate-static' 'qsapecng' 'qsyncthingtray' 'qsynergy' 'qsynth' 'qsynth' 'qt3' 'qt3-32bit' 'qt3-devel' 'qt3-devel-32bit' 'qt3-devel-doc' 'qt3-devel-examples' 'qt3-devel-tools' 'qt3-extensions' 'qt3-man' 'qt3-mysql' 'qt3-postgresql' 'qt3-sqlite' 'qt3-unixODBC' 'qt4-assistant-adp' 'qt4-assistant-adp-devel' 'qt4-qtscript-doc' 'qt4-x11-tools' 'qt4pas' 'qt4pas-devel' 'qt4pas-devel' 'qt5ct' 'qtc' 'qtcurve-gtk2' 'qtcurve-kde4' 'qtcurve-qt5' 'qterm' 'qterminal' 'qterminal-lang' 'qtermwidget-qt4-data' 'qtermwidget-qt4-devel' 'qtermwidget-qt5-data' 'qtermwidget-qt5-devel' 'qtkeychain-devel' 'qtkeychain-lang' 'qtkeychain-qt5-devel' 'qtodotxt' 'qtractor' 'qtractor' 'qtractor-debuginfo' 'qtractor-debugsource' 'qtsmbstatus' 'qtsmbstatus' 'qtsmbstatus-debuginfo' 'qtsmbstatus-debugsource' 'qtsmbstatus-lang' 'qtsmbstatus-light' 'qtsmbstatus-light-debuginfo' 'qtsmbstatus-server' 'qtsmbstatus-server-debuginfo' 'qtweetlib' 'qtweetlib-debugsource' 'qtweetlib-devel' 'quadrapassel' 'quadrapassel-lang' 'quagga' 'quagga' 'quagga-devel' 'quakespasm' 'quantum-espresso' 'quantum-espresso-doc' 'quantum-espresso-openmpi' 'quassel-base' 'quassel-client' 'quassel-client-qt5' 'quassel-core' 'quassel-mono' 'quazip-devel' 'quazip-doc' 'qucs' 'qucs-devel' 'quickbook_1_58_0' 'quilt' 'quimup' 'quimup' 'quimup-debuginfo' 'quimup-debugsource' 'quiterss' 'quiterss-lang' 'quota' 'quota-nfs' 'quotatool' 'qupzilla' 'qupzilla-gnome-keyring' 'qupzilla-kwallet' 'qutebrowser' 'qutecom' 'qutecom' 'qutecom-debuginfo' 'qutecom-debugsource' 'qutim' 'qutim-devel' 'qutim-plugin-aspeller' 'qutim-plugin-hunspeller' 'qutim-plugin-kdeintegration' 'qutim-plugin-sdlsound' 'quvi' 'qv4l2' 'qwebyast' 'qwt-designer' 'qwt-devel' 'qwt-devel-doc' 'qwt-examples' 'qwt6' 'qwt6-designer' 'qwt6-devel' 'qwt6-devel-doc' 'qwt6-examples' 'qx11grab' 'qx11grab' 'qx11grab-debuginfo' 'qx11grab-debugsource' 'qxmledit' 'qxmledit-devel' 'rabbitmq-java-client' 'rabbitmq-server' 'rabbitmq-server-plugins' 'racer' 'racket' 'racket-devel' 'racket-games' 'racket-webserver' 'radamsa' 'radeontop' 'radiotray' 'radiotray-lang' 'rados-objclass-devel' 'radvd' 'rage' 'ragel' 'raleway-fonts' 'randrproto-devel' 'rapi2-tools' 'rapi2-tools-debuginfo' 'rapid-photo-downloader' 'rapport' 'raptor' 'rar' 'rar' 'rarian' 'rarian-devel' 'rarian-scrollkeeper-compat' 'rarpd' 'rasdaemon' 'raspberrypi-firmware' 'raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi' 'raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi2' 'raspberrypi-firmware-config-rpi3' 'raspberrypi-firmware-extra' 'rasqal' 'raw-thumbnailer' 'rawstudio' 'rawstudio-lang' 'razercfg' 'razor-agents' 'rbd-fuse' 'rbd-mirror' 'rbd-nbd' 'rcc-runtime' 'rcm' 'rcs' 'rdate' 'rdesktop' 'rdiff' 'rdiff-backup' 'rdist' 'rdma-core' 'rdma-core' 'rdma-core-devel' 'rdma-core-devel-32bit' 'rdma-ndd' 'rds-tools' 'rds-tools-devel' 're2' 're2-devel' 're2c' 'readline-devel-32bit' 'readline5-devel' 'readline5-devel-32bit' 'rear' 'reaver' 'reaver' 'reaver-debuginfo' 'reaver-debugsource' 'rebootmgr' 'recode-devel' 'recorditnow' 'recorditnow' 'recorditnow-backend-ffmpeg' 'recorditnow-backend-ffmpeg-debuginfo' 'recorditnow-backend-mplayer' 'recorditnow-backend-mplayer-debuginfo' 'recorditnow-debuginfo' 'recorditnow-debugsource' 'recorditnow-lang' 'recordmydesktop' 'recordproto-devel' 'redeclipse' 'redeclipse-data' 'redis' 'redis' 'redland' 'redland-storage-postgresql' 'rednotebook' 'rednotebook-lang' 'redshift-gtk' 'regexp' 'reiser4progs' 'reiser4progs-devel' 'reiserfs' 'rekonq' 'rekonq-doc' 'rekonq-lang' 'relaxngDatatype' 'relaxngDatatype-javadoc' 'release-notes-openSUSE' 'remind' 'remmina' 'remmina-devel' 'remmina-lang' 'remmina-plugin-rdp' 'remmina-plugin-spice' 'remmina-plugin-vnc' 'remmina-plugin-xdmcp' 'remmina-plugins-gnome' 'remote_desktop' 'rendercheck' 'rep-gtk' 'rep-gtk-devel' 'reptyr' 'resample' 'rescue' 'resolv_wrapper' 'resolve-trivial-conflicts' 'resource-agents' 'resource-agents' 'resourceproto-devel' 'retext' 'rfb' 'rfbplaymacro' 'rfbproxy' 'rfc' 'rhino' 'rhino-demo' 'rhythmbox' 'rhythmbox-devel' 'rhythmbox-lang' 'rime' 'rinetd' 'ripit' 'ristretto' 'ristretto-lang' 'rk-devel' 'rkhunter' 'rkward' 'rlwrap' 'rmail' 'rman' 'rmedigicontrol' 'rnd_jue' 'rnd_jue-data' 'rng-tools' 'roar-devel' 'roar-devel-debuginfo' 'roaraudio' 'roaraudio' 'roaraudio-compat2' 'roaraudio-debuginfo' 'roaraudio-debugsource' 'roaraudio-plugins' 'roaraudio-plugins-debuginfo' 'roarpld' 'roarpld' 'roarpld-codechelper-gst' 'roarpld-debuginfo' 'roarpld-debugsource' 'roarpld-devel' 'roccat-arvo' 'roccat-arvo-devel' 'roccat-isku' 'roccat-isku-devel' 'roccat-iskufx' 'roccat-iskufx-devel' 'roccat-kone' 'roccat-kone-devel' 'roccat-koneplus' 'roccat-koneplus-devel' 'roccat-konepure' 'roccat-konepure-devel' 'roccat-konextd' 'roccat-konextd-devel' 'roccat-kovaplus' 'roccat-kovaplus-devel' 'roccat-lua' 'roccat-lua-devel' 'roccat-nyth' 'roccat-nyth-devel' 'roccat-pyra' 'roccat-pyra-devel' 'roccat-ryos' 'roccat-ryos-devel' 'roccat-savu' 'roccat-savu-devel' 'roccat-tools' 'roccat-tools-devel' 'roccat-tyon' 'roccat-tyon-devel' 'rockdodger' 'rocksndiamonds' 'rocksndiamonds-data' 'rocs' 'rocs-devel' 'rocs-lang' 'root-tail' 'rosa-media-player' 'rosa-media-player' 'rosa-media-player-debuginfo' 'rosa-media-player-debugsource' 'rosa-media-player-lang' 'rosegarden' 'rott' 'roundcubemail' 'rox-filer' 'rp-pppoe' 'rpm-build' 'rpm-devel' 'rpmconf' 'rpmdevtools' 'rpmkey-packman' 'rpmkey-packman' 'rpmlint' 'rpmlint' 'rpmlint-Factory' 'rpmlint-Factory-strict' 'rpmlint-mini' 'rpmlint-mini' 'rpmlint-tests' 'rpmorphan' 'rpmrebuild' 'rrdtool' 'rrdtool' 'rrdtool-cached' 'rrdtool-devel' 'rsh' 'rsh-server' 'rsibreak' 'rsibreak-doc' 'rsibreak-lang' 'rsnapshot' 'rsocket' 'rsocket-32bit' 'rsound' 'rsound' 'rsound-debuginfo' 'rsound-debugsource' 'rss-glx' 'rss2email' 'rssguard' 'rssguard-lang' 'rsstail' 'rst2html5' 'rstart' 'rstcheck' 'rsvg-thumbnailer' 'rsvg-view' 'rsvg2-sharp' 'rsync' 'rsyslog' 'rsyslog-diag-tools' 'rsyslog-doc' 'rsyslog-module-dbi' 'rsyslog-module-elasticsearch' 'rsyslog-module-gcrypt' 'rsyslog-module-gssapi' 'rsyslog-module-gtls' 'rsyslog-module-guardtime' 'rsyslog-module-mmnormalize' 'rsyslog-module-mysql' 'rsyslog-module-omamqp1' 'rsyslog-module-omhttpfs' 'rsyslog-module-omtcl' 'rsyslog-module-pgsql' 'rsyslog-module-relp' 'rsyslog-module-snmp' 'rsyslog-module-udpspoof' 'rt2860' 'rtags' 'rtaudio' 'rtaudio-debugsource' 'rtaudio-devel' 'rtl-sdr' 'rtl-sdr-devel' 'rtl-sdr-udev' 'rtmidi' 'rtmidi-devel' 'rtmpdump' 'rtmpdump' 'rtmpdump-debuginfo' 'rtmpdump-debugsource' 'rtmpgw' 'rtmpgw-debuginfo' 'rtmpsrv' 'rtmpsrv-debuginfo' 'rtmpsuck' 'rtmpsuck-debuginfo' 'rtorrent' 'rtorrent-vim' 'rubber' 'rubberband-ladspa' 'rubberband-ladspa-32bit' 'rubberband-vamp' 'rubberband-vamp-32bit' 'ruby-apparmor' 'ruby-camgm' 'ruby-devel' 'ruby-ecasound' 'ruby-geos' 'ruby-libprelude' 'ruby-marisa' 'ruby-obexftp' 'ruby-qt4' 'ruby-qt4-devel' 'ruby-redland' 'ruby-rrdtool' 'ruby-selinux' 'ruby-solv' 'ruby-xapian' 'ruby-yui' 'ruby-zypp' 'ruby2.1-devel' 'ruby2.1-devel-extra' 'ruby2.1-doc' 'ruby2.1-doc-ri' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colored' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colored-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colored-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemon_controller-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job_active_record' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-delayed_job_active_record-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-dice' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-dice-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-memcache-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mobileesp_converted-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-pry_debug-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.2' 'ruby2.2-devel' 'ruby2.2-devel-extra' 'ruby2.2-doc' 'ruby2.2-doc-ri' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.2-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.2-stdlib' 'ruby2.2-tk' 'ruby2.3' 'ruby2.3-devel' 'ruby2.3-devel-extra' 'ruby2.3-doc' 'ruby2.3-doc-ri' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.3-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.3-stdlib' 'ruby2.3-tk' 'ruby2.4' 'ruby2.4-devel' 'ruby2.4-devel-extra' 'ruby2.4-doc' 'ruby2.4-doc-ri' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-RedCloth-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-abstract_method-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionmailer-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionmailer-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionpack-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionpack-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionview-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-actionview-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activejob-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activejob-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activemodel-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activemodel-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-deprecated_finders-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activerecord-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activesupport-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-activesupport-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-addressable-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-airbrussh' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-airbrussh-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-amqp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-archive-tar-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-3_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc-3_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-doc-7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-arel-testsuite-3_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-atomic-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-augeas' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-autoprefixer-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-axiom-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bcrypt-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-binding_of_caller-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bootstrap-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-buff-ignore-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-builder' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-builder-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-builder-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-audit-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bundler-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-bunny-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-byebug' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-byebug-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-harrow' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-harrow-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-stats' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-stats-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-capistrano-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-celluloid-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cfa_grub2-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cheetah-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-childprocess-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ci_reporter-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cleanroom-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coderay-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coercible-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-source' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-coffee-script-source-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorator' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorator-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-colorize-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-columnize-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-commander' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-commander-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-commander-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-concurrent-ruby' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cool.io-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cri-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cssmin' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-cssmin-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-daemons' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-daemons-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debug_inspector' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debug_inspector-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-debugger-linecache-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-deep_merge-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-delayed_job-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-descendants_tracker-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-devise-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diff-lcs-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-diffy-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docile' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docile-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docile-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-docker-api-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-equalizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-doc-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-erubis-testsuite-2_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-eventmachine' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-eventmachine-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-exception_notification-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-excon' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-excon-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-excon-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-execjs' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-execjs-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-extlib-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-facter' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-facter-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-facter-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl_rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-factory_girl_rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-0_9' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-doc-0_9' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-faraday_middleware-multi_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_gettext-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fast_xs-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fastercsv-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ffi-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-file-tail' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-file-tail-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-flog' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-flog-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-flog-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-fluentd-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gem2rpm-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-get_process_mem-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-setup-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gettext_i18n_rails_js-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gli' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gli-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gli-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-globalid' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-globalid-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-gpgme-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-has_mobile_views-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashdiff-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashicorp-checkpoint-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hashie-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-eyaml-gpg-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hiera-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-highline-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hike-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hitimes-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hoe-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-html2haml-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_accept_language-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-http_parser.rb-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-httpclient-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hub' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-hub-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-i18n-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ice_nine-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-inifile-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ipaddress-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jbuilder-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-sass-converter-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-watch' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jekyll-watch-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jmespath' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jmespath-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-1_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-doc-1_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-journey-testsuite-1_0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-rails-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-jquery-ui-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-js-routes-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json-schema-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json_pure' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-json_pure-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kgio-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-kramdown-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-launchy-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-levenshtein-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-librarian-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-libyui-rake' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-libyui-rake-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-liquid-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-listen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-listen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-locale' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-locale-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-locale-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-log4r' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-log4r-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-lolcat' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-lolcat-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-loofah-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-2_5' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mail-doc-2_5' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mcollective-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mercenary-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-metaclass-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-method_source-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-data' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-data-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-doc-1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mime-types-testsuite-1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mimemagic-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_magick' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_magick-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mini_portile2-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitar' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitar-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-minitest-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-authentication-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-cli-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-log-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-shellout' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mixlib-shellout-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mocha-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-0_7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-doc-0_7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-moneta-testsuite-0_7' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-msgpack-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multi_json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multi_json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-multipart-post-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mustache-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-mysql2-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-scp-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-sftp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-gateway-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-multi-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-net-ssh-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-netrc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nio4r-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-nokogiri-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-open4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-open4-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-open4-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-owncloud-admin' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-owncloud-admin-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-packaging_rake_tasks-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-paint' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-paint-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-path_expander-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pg' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pg-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pg-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pkg-config-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-po_to_json-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-polyglot' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-polyglot-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-power_assert-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-pry-doc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puma_worker_killer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-lint-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-syntax-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-puppet_forge-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quiet_assets-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-quixoten-puppetdb-terminus-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-r10k-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ra10ke' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ra10ke-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-doc-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-cache-testsuite-1_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-doc-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-protection-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-ssl-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-ssl-doc-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-0_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-doc-0_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-test-testsuite-0_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rack-testsuite-1_6' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-deprecated_sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-dom-testing-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-html-sanitizer-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-i18n' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rails-i18n-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-railties-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-railties-doc-4_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-raindrops-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-compiler-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rake-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-fsevent-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-inotify' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-inotify-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-kqueue' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rb-kqueue-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-doc-4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rdoc-testsuite-4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-responders' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-responders-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rest-client-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-restility' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-restility-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-restility-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rgen-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rhc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rouge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rouge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rpm-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-core' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-core-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-expectations' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-mocks' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-puppet' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-puppet-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-support' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rspec-support-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-augeas-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-libvirt' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-shadow' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_dep' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_dep-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-ruby_parser-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyforge-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-rubyzip-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-safe_yaml-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sass-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sdoc-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-semantic_puppet-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-serverengine-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sexp_processor-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sigdump' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sigdump-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simple_oauth' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simple_oauth-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-html-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-simplecov-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sinatra-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-3_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc-3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-doc-3_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-slop-testsuite-3_3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-spring-watcher-listen-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-2_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-2_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-doc-2_2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-helpers-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-rails' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sprockets-rails-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sqlite3-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-sshkit-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stackdeck-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-stomp-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-strptime' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-strptime-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-studio_api-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-systemu-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-taskjuggler-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-term-ansicolor' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-term-ansicolor-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-test-unit-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-hyphen-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-text-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thor' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thor-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thor-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-thread_safe-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_1' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tilt-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-timers' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-timers-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-timers-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tins' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tins-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-doc-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-treetop-testsuite-1_4' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-trollop-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-source' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-source-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-turbolinks-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-data' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-data-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-doc-0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-tzinfo-testsuite-0' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-uglifier-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-unicorn-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-virtus-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-web-console-doc-2' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-driver' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-driver-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-extensions' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-extensions-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-websocket-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xml-simple' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xml-simple-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-xmlhash-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yajl-ruby-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yard' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yard-doc' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yard-testsuite' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yast-rake' 'ruby2.4-rubygem-yast-rake-doc' 'ruby2.4-stdlib' 'rubygem-amq-protocol' 'rubygem-amq-protocol-doc' 'rubygem-amq-protocol-testsuite' 'rubygem-builder-3_0' 'rubygem-builder-3_0-doc' 'rubygem-builder-3_0-testsuite' 'rubygem-cancan' 'rubygem-cancan-doc' 'rubygem-cancan-testsuite' 'rubygem-devise_unix2_chkpwd_authenticatable' 'rubygem-devise_unix2_chkpwd_authenticatable-doc' 'rubygem-facter' 'rubygem-gettext_activerecord' 'rubygem-gettext_activerecord-doc' 'rubygem-gettext_activerecord-testsuite' 'rubygem-hiera' 'rubygem-hub' 'rubygem-hub-bash-completion' 'rubygem-hub-zsh-completion' 'rubygem-libguestfs' 'rubygem-libwebsocket' 'rubygem-libwebsocket-doc' 'rubygem-libwebsocket-testsuite' 'rubygem-mail-2_4' 'rubygem-mail-2_4-doc' 'rubygem-mcollective' 'rubygem-mcollective-bash-completion' 'rubygem-mcollective-client' 'rubygem-mcollective-server' 'rubygem-mcollective-zsh-completion' 'rubygem-orm_adapter' 'rubygem-orm_adapter-doc' 'rubygem-orm_adapter-testsuite' 'rubygem-puppet' 'rubygem-puppet' 'rubygem-puppet-emacs' 'rubygem-puppet-master' 'rubygem-puppet-master-unicorn' 'rubygem-puppet-vim' 'rubygem-rice' 'rubygem-rice-doc' 'rubygem-ruby-fcgi' 'rubygem-ruby-fcgi-doc' 'rubygem-ruby-fcgi-testsuite' 'rubygem-rubyzip' 'rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2' 'rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2-doc' 'rubygem-sexp_processor-3_2-testsuite' 'rubygem-shoes' 'rubygem-shoes-doc' 'rubygem-shoes-testsuite' 'rubygem-taskjuggler' 'rubygem-warden' 'rubygem-warden-doc' 'rubygem-warden-testsuite' 'runc' 'runc' 'runc-test' 'rungetty' 'runvdr-extreme-systemd' 'rust' 'rust-doc' 'rust-gdb' 'rust-std' 'rustc-stage0' 'rxp' 'rygel' 'rygel-devel' 'rygel-lang' 'rygel-plugin-gstreamer-renderer' 'rygel-plugin-tracker' 'rygel-plugin-zdf-mediathek' 'rypper' 'rzip' 'rzsz' 's2tc' 's2tc-devel' 's3backer' 's3fs' 'sablot' 'sablot-devel' 'sac-javadoc' 'safte-monitor' 'saidar' 'salt' 'salt' 'salt-api' 'salt-bash-completion' 'salt-cloud' 'salt-doc' 'salt-fish-completion' 'salt-master' 'salt-minion' 'salt-proxy' 'salt-raet' 'salt-ssh' 'salt-syndic' 'salt-zsh-completion' 'samba' 'samba-ceph' 'samba-core-devel' 'samba-doc' 'samba-krb-printing' 'samba-pidl' 'samba-python' 'samba-test' 'sane-backends-devel' 'sanlock' 'sanlock-devel' 'sap-locale' 'sap-locale-32bit' 'sarg' 'sat4j' 'savannahice' 'savannahice' 'savannahice-debuginfo' 'savannahice-debugsource' 'saweri-fonts' 'sawfish' 'sawfish-devel' 'sawfish-sounds' 'sax3' 'saxon6' 'saxon6-aelfred' 'saxon6-demo' 'saxon6-fop' 'saxon6-javadoc' 'saxon6-jdom' 'saxon6-manual' 'saxon6-scripts' 'saxon8' 'saxon8-demo' 'saxon8-dom' 'saxon8-javadoc' 'saxon8-jdom' 'saxon8-manual' 'saxon8-scripts' 'saxon8-sql' 'saxon8-xom' 'saxon8-xpath' 'saxon9' 'saxon9-demo' 'saxon9-javadoc' 'saxon9-manual' 'saxon9-scripts' 'saxpath' 'sazanami-fonts' 'sbc-devel' 'sbcl' 'sbd' 'sbiload' 'sbl' 'sbl-orca' 'sblim-cim-client2' 'sblim-cim-client2-javadoc' 'sblim-cim-client2-manual' 'sblim-cmpi-base' 'sblim-cmpi-base-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-base-testsuite' 'sblim-cmpi-c++-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-dns' 'sblim-cmpi-dns-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-dns-test' 'sblim-cmpi-ethport_profile' 'sblim-cmpi-fsvol' 'sblim-cmpi-fsvol-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-fsvol-testsuite' 'sblim-cmpi-network' 'sblim-cmpi-network-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-nfsv3' 'sblim-cmpi-nfsv4' 'sblim-cmpi-params' 'sblim-cmpi-samba' 'sblim-cmpi-samba-devel' 'sblim-cmpi-samba-test' 'sblim-cmpi-ssh_service_profile' 'sblim-cmpi-sysfs' 'sblim-cmpi-syslog' 'sblim-cmpiutil-devel' 'sblim-gather' 'sblim-gather-devel' 'sblim-gather-provider' 'sblim-gather-test' 'sblim-indication_helper' 'sblim-indication_helper-devel' 'sblim-sfcCommon-devel' 'sblim-sfcb' 'sblim-sfcc' 'sblim-sfcc-devel' 'sblim-smis-hba' 'sblim-smis-hba-devel' 'sblim-smis-hba-test' 'sblim-testsuite' 'sblim-tools-libra-devel' 'sblim-wbemcli' 'sc' 'sc-controller' 'scalapack-openmpi-test' 'scalpel' 'scanmem' 'scantailor' 'scantailor-cli' 'scap-workbench' 'scap-workbench-doc' 'schedtool' 'schedtop' 'schemaspy' 'schismtracker' 'schroedinger-devel' 'schroedinger-doc' 'scid' 'scid' 'scid-debuginfo' 'scid-debugsource' 'scilab' 'scilab-devel' 'scilab-lang' 'scilab-modules' 'scilab-modules-doc' 'scilab-modules-doc-lang' 'scilab-tests' 'scirenderer' 'scirenderer-javadoc' 'scite' 'scmon' 'scons' 'scorpio22' 'scorpio22' 'scorpio22-debuginfo' 'scorpio23' 'scorpio23' 'scorpio23-debuginfo' 'scorpio24' 'scorpio24' 'scorpio24-debuginfo' 'scorpio25' 'scorpio25' 'scorpio25-debuginfo' 'scorpio26' 'scorpio26' 'scorpio26-debuginfo' 'scout' 'scpm' 'scpm-devel' 'scpm-lang' 'scratch' 'scratch-devel' 'scratch-lang' 'screen-message' 'screenfetch' 'screengen' 'screengen' 'screengen-debuginfo' 'screengen-debugsource' 'screenshot-tool' 'screenshot-tool-lang' 'scribus' 'scribus-devel' 'scrnsaverproto-devel' 'scrub' 'scrypt' 'scsirastools' 'scsires' 'scummvm' 'scummvm-debuginfo' 'scummvm-debugsource' 'scummvm-extra' 'scummvm-extra-debuginfo' 'scummvm-tools' 'scummvm-tools' 'scummvm-tools-debuginfo' 'scummvm-tools-debugsource' 'sdcc' 'sdcc-doc' 'sdcc-libc-sources' 'sdcv' 'sddm-branding-upstream' 'sdl-ball' 'sdlscavenger' 'sdparm' 'seahorse' 'seahorse-daemon' 'seahorse-lang' 'seahorse-nautilus-lang' 'seahorse-sharing' 'seahorse-sharing-lang' 'seamonkey' 'seamonkey-translations-common' 'seamonkey-translations-other' 'seccheck' 'sed' 'segv_handler' 'selene' 'selene' 'selene-debuginfo' 'selene-debugsource' 'selene-lang' 'selinux-doc' 'selinux-policy' 'selinux-policy' 'selinux-policy-devel' 'selinux-policy-doc' 'selinux-policy-minimum' 'selinux-policy-mls' 'selinux-policy-targeted' 'selinux-tools' 'semantik' 'semi-emacs' 'semi-xemacs' 'sendfax' 'sendmail' 'sendmail' 'sendmail-devel' 'sendmail-starttls' 'sendxmpp' 'sensord' 'sensors' 'seq24' 'ser2net' 'serd' 'serdi' 'servletapi3' 'servletapi3-javadoc' 'servletapi4' 'servletapi4-javadoc' 'servletapi5' 'setconf' 'setools-console' 'setools-devel' 'setools-gui' 'setools-java' 'setools-libs' 'setools-tcl' 'sfftobmp' 'sffview' 'sfml2-devel' 'sfml2-doc' 'sg3_utils' 'sgi-bitmap-fonts' 'sgml-skel' 'sgmltool' 'sgmltools-lite' 'sgpio' 'sgrep' 'sha1collisiondetection' 'shadow' 'shadowsocks-libev' 'shadowsocks-libev' 'shadowsocks-libev-devel' 'shadowsocks-libev-doc' 'shairplay' 'shairplay' 'shairplay-debuginfo' 'shairplay-debugsource' 'shairplay-devel' 'shake' 'shapelib' 'shared-color-profiles' 'shared-color-targets' 'shared-desktop-ontologies' 'shared-desktop-ontologies-devel' 'shibboleth-sp' 'shibboleth-sp' 'shibboleth-sp-devel' 'shigofumi' 'shigofumi' 'shntool' 'shntool' 'shntool-debuginfo' 'shntool-debugsource' 'shorewall' 'shorewall' 'shorewall-core' 'shorewall-docs' 'shorewall-init' 'shorewall-lite' 'shorewall6' 'shorewall6-lite' 'shorten' 'shorten' 'shorten-debuginfo' 'shorten-debugsource' 'shotcut' 'shotcut-lang' 'shotwell' 'shotwell' 'shotwell' 'shotwell-lang' 'shoutsend' 'shoutsend' 'shoutsend-debuginfo' 'showfont' 'shp' 'shunit2' 'shutter' 'shutter' 'shutter' 'shutter-lang' 'siege' 'siga' 'signing-party' 'signon-kwallet-extension' 'signon-plugin-oauth2-devel' 'signon-plugins-devel' 'signon-plugins-docs' 'signond-docs' 'signond-libs-devel' 'sigrok-cli' 'sigrok-firmware-fx2lafw' 'sil-abyssinica-fonts' 'sil-charis-fonts' 'sil-doulos-fonts' 'sil-gentium-fonts' 'sil-padauk-fonts' 'silc-toolkit-devel' 'silicon' 'silicon' 'silicon-debuginfo' 'silicon-lang' 'simh' 'simple-ccsm' 'simple-ccsm-lang' 'simple-mtpfs' 'simple-scan' 'simple-scan-lang' 'simplescreenrecorder' 'simplescreenrecorder' 'simplescreenrecorder-debuginfo' 'simplescreenrecorder-debugsource' 'sipcalc' 'sipcalc' 'sipcalc-debuginfo' 'sipcalc-debugsource' 'siproxd' 'siproxd-doc' 'siren' 'siren' 'siren-debuginfo' 'siren-debugsource' 'sisctrl' 'sitar' 'sitecopy' 'sitecopy-lang' 'sk1' 'sk1' 'skelcd-control-openSUSE-promo' 'skelcd-installer-openSUSE' 'ski' 'skinlf' 'skinlf-demo' 'skinlf-javadoc' 'skkdic' 'skkdic-extra' 'skopeo' 'sks' 'skypeforlinux' 'slade' 'slang-devel' 'slang-slsh' 'slapi-nis' 'sleuth' 'sleuthkit' 'sleuthkit-devel' 'slf4j' 'slf4j-javadoc' 'slf4j-manual' 'slib' 'sloppy022' 'sloppy022' 'sloppy022-debuginfo' 'slowmoVideo' 'slowmoVideo' 'slowmoVideo-debuginfo' 'slowmoVideo-debugsource' 'slrn' 'slrn-lang' 'sluice' 'slurm' 'slurm-auth-none' 'slurm-devel' 'slurm-doc' 'slurm-lua' 'slurm-munge' 'slurm-openlava' 'slurm-pam_slurm' 'slurm-plugins' 'slurm-sched-wiki' 'slurm-seff' 'slurm-sjstat' 'slurm-slurmdb-direct' 'slurm-slurmdbd' 'slurm-sview' 'slurm-torque' 'smartmontools' 'smatch' 'smb4k' 'smb4k-doc' 'smb4k-lang' 'smbios-utils-bin' 'smbios-utils-python' 'smc-tools' 'smemstat' 'smictrl' 'smillaenlarger' 'smilutils' 'smplayer' 'smplayer-lang' 'smplayer-skins' 'smplayer-skins' 'smplayer-theme-leo' 'smplayer-theme-leo' 'smplayer-themes' 'smplayer-themes' 'smproxy' 'smssend' 'smtube' 'smtube' 'smtube-debuginfo' 'smtube-debugsource' 'smtube-lang' 'smugbatch' 'smuxi' 'smuxi-engine' 'smuxi-engine-campfire' 'smuxi-engine-campfire-lang' 'smuxi-engine-irc' 'smuxi-engine-irc-lang' 'smuxi-engine-jabbr' 'smuxi-engine-jabbr-lang' 'smuxi-engine-lang' 'smuxi-engine-twitter' 'smuxi-engine-twitter-lang' 'smuxi-engine-xmpp' 'smuxi-engine-xmpp-lang' 'smuxi-frontend' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-irc' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-irc-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-twitter' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-twitter-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-xmpp' 'smuxi-frontend-gnome-xmpp-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-lang' 'smuxi-frontend-stfl' 'smuxi-message-buffer' 'smuxi-message-buffer-lang' 'smuxi-server' 'smuxi-server-lang' 'snack' 'snack' 'snap-photobooth' 'snap-photobooth-lang' 'snappy-devel' 'snd' 'snd_sf2' 'sndio' 'sndio-devel' 'sni-qt-32bit' 'snorenotify-qt5' 'snorenotify-qt5-devel' 'snowmix' 'snowmix' 'snowmix-debuginfo' 'snowmix-debugsource' 'socat' 'socket_wrapper' 'sofia-sip' 'sofia-sip-devel' 'softhsm' 'softhsm-devel' 'solaar' 'solaar-cli' 'solaar-doc' 'solarfighter' 'solarus' 'solarus-devel' 'solarus-quest-editor' 'solarwolf' 'solarwolf_we' 'solfege' 'solid-devel' 'solid-devel-32bit' 'something-for-reddit' 'sonar-icon-theme' 'sonic-visualiser' 'sonic-visualiser' 'sonic-visualiser-debuginfo' 'sonic-visualiser-debugsource' 'sonnet-devel' 'sonnet-devel-32bit' 'sooperlooper' 'sooperlooper' 'sooperlooper-debuginfo' 'sooperlooper-debugsource' 'soprano' 'soprano-backend-redland' 'soprano-backend-sesame' 'soprano-backend-virtuoso' 'sopwith' 'sord' 'sord' 'sound-juicer' 'sound-juicer-lang' 'soundconverter' 'soundconverter' 'soundconverter-lang' 'soundtouch' 'soundtouch-devel' 'soup-sharp' 'soup-sharp-devel' 'source-highlight' 'source-highlight-cgi' 'sox' 'sox-debuginfo' 'sox-debugsource' 'sox-devel' 'soxr-devel' 'spacefm' 'spacefm-lang' 'spacenavd' 'spamassassin' 'spamassassin' 'spandsp-devel' 'spandsp-doc' 'sparkleshare' 'sparse' 'sparse-devel' 'sparse-inspect' 'sparse-llvm' 'sparsehash-devel' 'spatialindex-devel' 'spawn-fcgi' 'spdlog-devel' 'spdylay' 'spdylay-devel' 'spec-cleaner' 'spec-cleaner' 'spec-cleaner-format_spec_file' 'spectacle-doc' 'spectator' 'spectcl' 'speech-dispatcher' 'speech-dispatcher-configure' 'speech-dispatcher-module-espeak' 'speedcrunch' 'speedtest-cli' 'speex' 'speex-devel' 'speexdsp-devel' 'spek' 'spek' 'spek-debuginfo' 'spek-debugsource' 'spek-lang' 'spew' 'spice' 'spice-gtk' 'spice-gtk-devel' 'spice-gtk-lang' 'spice-html5' 'spice-protocol-devel' 'spice-vdagent' 'spice-vdagent' 'spirv-headers' 'spirv-tools' 'spirv-tools-devel' 'splashy' 'splashy-branding-openSUSE' 'splashy-devel' 'splashy-mkinitrd' 'splashy-themes' 'splint' 'splix' 'spotify-installer' 'spotify-installer' 'spu-tools' 'spyder' 'spyder-doc' 'spyder-lang' 'spyder3' 'spyder3-doc' 'spyder3-lang' 'sqlcipher' 'sqlcipher-devel' 'sqlcipher-tcl' 'sqlite2' 'sqlite2-32bit' 'sqlite2-devel' 'sqlite3' 'sqlite3-devel' 'sqlite3-doc' 'sqlitebrowser' 'sqliteman' 'sqliteodbc' 'sqliteodbc-doc' 'squashfs' 'squid' 'squid' 'squidGuard' 'squidGuard' 'squidGuard-doc' 'squidview' 'squidview' 'squirrel' 'squirrel-devel' 'squirrel-devel-static' 'squirrel-doc' 'squirrel-examples' 'sratom' 'src_vipa' 'srecord' 'srecord-devel' 'srecord-doc' 'srm' 'srp_daemon' 'ssdeep' 'ssh-contact' 'ssh-contact-client' 'ssh-contact-service' 'sshfp' 'sshguard' 'sshpass' 'ssldump' 'sslscan' 'sssd' 'sssd' 'sssd-32bit' 'sssd-ad' 'sssd-ipa' 'sssd-krb5' 'sssd-krb5-common' 'sssd-ldap' 'sssd-proxy' 'sssd-tools' 'stack' 'staging-build-key' 'stalonetray' 'stan' 'stardict' 'stardict-dic-enru-engcom' 'stardict-dic-enru-mueller7' 'stardict-sounds-wyabdcrealpeopletts' 'stardict-tools' 'starfighter' 'startup-notification-devel' 'statgrab' 'statserial' 'steam-controller' 'steam-vr' 'steamtricks' 'steamtricks-data' 'stellarium' 'step' 'step-lang' 'stgit' 'stix-integrals-fonts' 'stix-pua-fonts' 'stix-sizes-fonts' 'stix-variants-fonts' 'stk' 'stk-debugsource' 'stlink' 'stlink-gui' 'stm32flash' 'stockfish' 'stockfish14' 'stockfish14' 'stockfish14-debuginfo' 'stockfish16' 'stockfish16' 'stockfish16-debuginfo' 'stockfish16-debugsource' 'stockfish17' 'stockfish17' 'stockfish17-debuginfo' 'stockfish17-debugsource' 'stockfish18' 'stockfish18' 'stockfish18-debuginfo' 'stockfish18-debugsource' 'stockfish19' 'stockfish19' 'stockfish19-debuginfo' 'stockfish19-debugsource' 'stockfish20' 'stockfish20' 'stockfish20-debuginfo' 'stockfish20-debugsource' 'stoken' 'stoken-devel' 'stoken-gui' 'stonith-bladehpi' 'storage-fixup' 'storeBackup' 'stow-doc' 'stp' 'stp-devel' 'stp-python' 'streamripper' 'streamripper' 'streamripper-debuginfo' 'streamripper-debugsource' 'streamtuner' 'streamtuner-devel' 'streamtuner-doc' 'streamtuner2' 'streamtuner2' 'stress-ng' 'strip-nondeterminism' 'strongswan' 'strongswan-doc' 'strongswan-hmac' 'strongswan-ipsec' 'strongswan-libs0' 'strongswan-mysql' 'strongswan-nm' 'strongswan-sqlite' 'stunnel' 'stunnel' 'su-wrapper' 'submin' 'submin-apache' 'submin-svn' 'subtitleripper' 'subtitleripper' 'subtitleripper-debuginfo' 'subtitleripper-debugsource' 'subversion' 'subversion-devel' 'subversion-doc' 'subversion-python' 'subversion-python-ctypes' 'subversion-ruby' 'subversion-server' 'subversion-tools' 'suck' 'sudo-devel' 'sudo-test' 'sudoku-sensei' 'suil' 'suil-devel' 'suil-plugins-debuginfo' 'suitesparse-devel' 'suitesparse-devel-static' 'sundanese-unicode-fonts' 'sunpinyin-data' 'sunpinyin-devel' 'sunpinyin-tools' 'sunxi-tools' 'superlu-devel' 'supermin' 'supertux2' 'supertuxkart' 'supertuxkart-data' 'suse-build-key' 'suse-hpc' 'suse-hpc' 'suse-xsl-stylesheets' 'susedoc-buildbook' 'susefirewall2-to-firewalld' 'susegreeter-branding-openSUSE' 'susehelp_cz' 'susehelp_de' 'susehelp_es' 'susehelp_fr' 'susehelp_hu' 'susehelp_it' 'susepaste' 'susepaste-screenshot' 'svg-schema' 'svgcleaner' 'svgcleaner-cli' 'svgpart' 'svgpart-lang' 'sview' 'sview' 'svn2git' 'svrcore-devel' 'sweep' 'sweep' 'sweep-debuginfo' 'sweep-debugsource' 'swell-foop' 'swell-foop-lang' 'swftools' 'swift-im' 'swiften-devel' 'swig' 'swig-doc' 'swig-examples' 'swing-layout' 'swing-layout-javadoc' 'swing-worker' 'swing-worker-demo' 'swing-worker-javadoc' 'swipl' 'sword' 'sword-devel' 'swtcalendar' 'swtchart' 'swtchart-javadoc' 'sxhkd' 'synapse' 'synapse-lang' 'syncthing' 'syncthing' 'syncthing-gtk' 'syncthing-gtk-lang' 'syndication-devel' 'synergy' 'synfig' 'synfig' 'synfig-debuginfo' 'synfig-debugsource' 'synfig-devel' 'synfig-doc' 'synfig-lang' 'synfig-modules' 'synfig-modules-debuginfo' 'synfigapp-devel' 'synfigstudio' 'synfigstudio' 'synfigstudio-debuginfo' 'synfigstudio-debugsource' 'synfigstudio-lang' 'synnefo' 'syntax-highlighting-devel' 'syntax-highlighting-devel-32bit' 'sysbench' 'sysdig' 'sysdig' 'sysdig-kmp-default' 'sysfsutils-32bit' 'sysfsutils-devel' 'sysinfo' 'syslog-ng' 'syslog-ng-curl' 'syslog-ng-devel' 'syslog-ng-geoip' 'syslog-ng-java' 'syslog-ng-python' 'syslog-ng-redis' 'syslog-ng-smtp' 'syslog-ng-sql' 'syslog-service' 'syslogd' 'sysstat' 'sysstat-isag' 'systemd' 'systemd-devel' 'systemd-mini' 'systemd-mini' 'systemd-mini-bash-completion' 'systemd-mini-devel' 'systemd-mini-sysvinit' 'systemd-rpm-macros' 'systemd-rpm-macros' 'systemd-ui' 'systemsettings5-devel' 'systemtap' 'systemtap-docs' 'systemtap-runtime' 'systemtap-sdt-devel' 'systemtap-server' 'systester' 'syzkaller' 't-prot' 't1utils' 't38modem' 'tabletpc' 'tachyon' 'tagbanwa-fonts' 'taglib' 'taglib-extras-devel' 'taglib-sharp' 'taglib-sharp-devel' 'tai-heritage-pro-fonts' 'tali' 'tali-lang' 'talk' 'talk-server' 'talloc-man' 'tamago' 'tamil-gtk2im' 'tamil-gtk2im-32bit' 'tango-icon-theme' 'tanukiwrapper' 'tanukiwrapper-manual' 'tar-backup-scripts' 'tar-tests' 'tardy' 'target-isns' 'targetcli' 'targetcli-fb' 'taskwarrior' 'tasque' 'tasque-lang' 'tbb-devel' 'tboot' 'tboot' 'tcd' 'tcl' 'tcl-32bit' 'tcl-brlapi' 'tcl-devel' 'tcl-rrdtool' 'tcl-tktray' 'tcl8-xapian' 'tclap' 'tclap-doc' 'tclcurl' 'tcllib' 'tclplug' 'tclplug-32bit' 'tcludp' 'tclx' 'tcmu-runner' 'tcmu-runner' 'tcmu-runner-devel' 'tcmu-runner-handler-rbd' 'tcpd' 'tcpd-devel' 'tcpdump' 'tcpflow' 'tcpreplay' 'tcptraceroute' 'tcsh' 'tcsh-lang' 'tdb-tools' 'tdom' 'tdom-devel' 'tdu' 'tdu' 'tdu-debuginfo' 'tea' 'technical_writing' 'technisat-usb2-firmware' 'tecla' 'tecla-devel' 'teeworlds' 'tei-roma' 'tei-xsl-stylesheets' 'tei_4' 'telepathy-accounts-signon' 'telepathy-farstream-devel' 'telepathy-gabble-xmpp-console' 'telepathy-glib-devel' 'telepathy-glib-doc' 'telepathy-kde' 'telepathy-logger' 'telepathy-logger-devel' 'telepathy-logger-qt5-devel' 'telepathy-mission-control-devel' 'telepathy-phoney' 'telepathy-qt4-devel' 'telepathy-qt5-devel' 'telepathy-qt5-devel-32bit' 'telepathy-rakia-devel' 'telepathy-sipe' 'tellico' 'tellico-lang' 'telnet-server' 'tennebon-dynamic-wallpaper' 'termcap' 'termcap-32bit' 'terminator' 'terminator-lang' 'terminatorX' 'terminatorX' 'terminatorX-debuginfo' 'terminatorX-debugsource' 'terminology' 'terminology-theme-dark' 'terminology-theme-misc' 'terminology-theme-openSUSE' 'terminology-theme-openSUSE-oliveleaf' 'terminology-theme-upstream' 'terminus-bitmap-fonts' 'termsyn-bitmap-fonts' 'teseq' 'tesseract' 'tesseract-data' 'tesseract-ocr' 'tesseract-ocr-devel' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-afrikaans' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-albanian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-amharic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-arabic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-assamese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-azerbaijani' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-azerbaijani_cyrillic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-basque' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-belarusian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bengali' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bosnian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-bulgarian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-burmese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-catalan' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-cebuano' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-cherokee' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-chinese_simplified' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-chinese_traditional' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-croatian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-czech' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-danish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-dutch' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-dzongkha' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-english' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-english_middle' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-esperanto' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-estonian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-finnish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-frankish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-french' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-french_middle' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-galician' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-georgian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-georgian_old' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-german' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-greek' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-greek_ancient' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-gujarati' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-haitian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hebrew' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hindi' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-hungarian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-icelandic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-indonese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-inuktitut' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-irish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-italian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-italian_old' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-japanese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-javanese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kannada' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kazakh' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-khmer' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-korean' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kurdish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-kyrgyz' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-lao' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-latin' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-latvian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-lithuanian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-macedonian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-malay' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-malayalam' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-maltese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-marathi' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-math_equation' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-nepali' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-norwegian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-orientation_and_script_detection' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-oriya' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-pashto' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-persian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-polish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-portuguese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-punjabi' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-romanian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-russian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-sanskrit' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-serbian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-serbian_latin' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-sinhala' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-slovak' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-slovenian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-spanish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-spanish_old' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-swahili' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-swedish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-syriac' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tagalog' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tajik' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tamil' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-telugu' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-thai' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tibetan_standard' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-tigrinya' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-turkish' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-ukrainian' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-urdu' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uyghur' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uzbek' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-uzbek_cyrillic' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-vietnamese' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-welsh' 'tesseract-ocr-traineddata-yiddish' 'tesseract-server' 'testdisk' 'tetrinet-server' 'tevent-man' 'texinfo' 'texinfo4' 'texlive' 'texlive-12many' 'texlive-12many-doc' 'texlive-2up' 'texlive-2up-doc' 'texlive-Asana-Math' 'texlive-Asana-Math-doc' 'texlive-Asana-Math-fonts' 'texlive-ESIEEcv' 'texlive-ESIEEcv-doc' 'texlive-FAQ-en' 'texlive-GS1' 'texlive-GS1-doc' 'texlive-HA-prosper' 'texlive-HA-prosper-doc' 'texlive-IEEEconf' 'texlive-IEEEconf-doc' 'texlive-IEEEtran' 'texlive-IEEEtran-doc' 'texlive-MemoirChapStyles' 'texlive-SIstyle' 'texlive-SIstyle-doc' 'texlive-SIunits' 'texlive-SIunits-doc' 'texlive-Tabbing' 'texlive-Tabbing-doc' 'texlive-Type1fonts' 'texlive-a0poster' 'texlive-a0poster-doc' 'texlive-a2ping' 'texlive-a2ping-bin' 'texlive-a2ping-doc' 'texlive-a4wide' 'texlive-a4wide-doc' 'texlive-a5comb' 'texlive-a5comb-doc' 'texlive-aastex' 'texlive-aastex-doc' 'texlive-abbr' 'texlive-abbr-doc' 'texlive-abc' 'texlive-abc-doc' 'texlive-abntex2' 'texlive-abntex2-doc' 'texlive-abraces' 'texlive-abraces-doc' 'texlive-abstract' 'texlive-abstract-doc' 'texlive-abstyles' 'texlive-abstyles-doc' 'texlive-academicons' 'texlive-academicons-doc' 'texlive-academicons-fonts' 'texlive-accanthis' 'texlive-accanthis-doc' 'texlive-accanthis-fonts' 'texlive-accfonts' 'texlive-accfonts-bin' 'texlive-accfonts-doc' 'texlive-achemso' 'texlive-achemso-doc' 'texlive-acmart' 'texlive-acmart-doc' 'texlive-acmconf' 'texlive-acmconf-doc' 'texlive-acro' 'texlive-acro-doc' 'texlive-acronym' 'texlive-acronym-doc' 'texlive-acroterm' 'texlive-acroterm-doc' 'texlive-active-conf' 'texlive-active-conf-doc' 'texlive-actuarialangle' 'texlive-actuarialangle-doc' 'texlive-addlines' 'texlive-addlines-doc' 'texlive-adfathesis' 'texlive-adfathesis-doc' 'texlive-adforn' 'texlive-adforn-doc' 'texlive-adforn-fonts' 'texlive-adfsymbols' 'texlive-adfsymbols-doc' 'texlive-adfsymbols-fonts' 'texlive-adhocfilelist' 'texlive-adhocfilelist-bin' 'texlive-adhocfilelist-doc' 'texlive-adjmulticol' 'texlive-adjmulticol-doc' 'texlive-adjustbox' 'texlive-adjustbox-doc' 'texlive-adobemapping' 'texlive-adrconv' 'texlive-adrconv-doc' 'texlive-adtrees' 'texlive-adtrees-doc' 'texlive-advdate' 'texlive-advdate-doc' 'texlive-ae' 'texlive-ae-doc' 'texlive-aecc' 'texlive-aecc-doc' 'texlive-aeguill' 'texlive-aeguill-doc' 'texlive-afm2pl' 'texlive-afm2pl-bin' 'texlive-afm2pl-doc' 'texlive-afparticle' 'texlive-afparticle-doc' 'texlive-afthesis' 'texlive-afthesis-doc' 'texlive-aguplus' 'texlive-aguplus-doc' 'texlive-aiaa' 'texlive-aiaa-doc' 'texlive-aichej' 'texlive-ajl' 'texlive-akktex' 'texlive-akktex-doc' 'texlive-akletter' 'texlive-akletter-doc' 'texlive-alegreya' 'texlive-alegreya-doc' 'texlive-alegreya-fonts' 'texlive-aleph' 'texlive-aleph-bin' 'texlive-alertmessage' 'texlive-alertmessage-doc' 'texlive-alg' 'texlive-alg-doc' 'texlive-algorithm2e' 'texlive-algorithm2e-doc' 'texlive-algorithmicx' 'texlive-algorithmicx-doc' 'texlive-algorithms' 'texlive-algorithms-doc' 'texlive-allrunes' 'texlive-allrunes-doc' 'texlive-allrunes-fonts' 'texlive-almfixed' 'texlive-almfixed-doc' 'texlive-almfixed-fonts' 'texlive-alnumsec' 'texlive-alnumsec-doc' 'texlive-alterqcm' 'texlive-alterqcm-doc' 'texlive-altfont' 'texlive-altfont-doc' 'texlive-ametsoc' 'texlive-ametsoc-doc' 'texlive-amiri' 'texlive-amiri-doc' 'texlive-amiri-fonts' 'texlive-amsaddr' 'texlive-amsaddr-doc' 'texlive-amscls' 'texlive-amscls-doc' 'texlive-amsfonts' 'texlive-amsfonts-doc' 'texlive-amsfonts-fonts' 'texlive-amslatex-primer' 'texlive-amsldoc-it' 'texlive-amsldoc-vn' 'texlive-amsmath' 'texlive-amsmath-doc' 'texlive-amsmath-it' 'texlive-amsrefs' 'texlive-amsrefs-doc' 'texlive-amstex' 'texlive-amstex-bin' 'texlive-amstex-doc' 'texlive-amsthdoc-it' 'texlive-animate' 'texlive-animate-doc' 'texlive-anonchap' 'texlive-anonchap-doc' 'texlive-anonymouspro' 'texlive-anonymouspro-doc' 'texlive-anonymouspro-fonts' 'texlive-answers' 'texlive-answers-doc' 'texlive-antiqua' 'texlive-antiqua-doc' 'texlive-antiqua-fonts' 'texlive-antomega' 'texlive-antomega-doc' 'texlive-antt' 'texlive-antt-doc' 'texlive-antt-fonts' 'texlive-anufinalexam' 'texlive-anyfontsize' 'texlive-anyfontsize-doc' 'texlive-anysize' 'texlive-anysize-doc' 'texlive-aobs-tikz' 'texlive-aobs-tikz-doc' 'texlive-aomart' 'texlive-aomart-doc' 'texlive-apa' 'texlive-apa-doc' 'texlive-apa6' 'texlive-apa6-doc' 'texlive-apa6e' 'texlive-apa6e-doc' 'texlive-apacite' 'texlive-apacite-doc' 'texlive-apalike2' 'texlive-apnum' 'texlive-apnum-doc' 'texlive-appendix' 'texlive-appendix-doc' 'texlive-appendixnumberbeamer' 'texlive-appendixnumberbeamer-doc' 'texlive-apprends-latex' 'texlive-apptools' 'texlive-apptools-doc' 'texlive-arabi' 'texlive-arabi-add' 'texlive-arabi-add-doc' 'texlive-arabi-doc' 'texlive-arabi-fonts' 'texlive-arabluatex' 'texlive-arabluatex-doc' 'texlive-arabtex' 'texlive-arabtex-doc' 'texlive-arabtex-fonts' 'texlive-arabxetex' 'texlive-arabxetex-doc' 'texlive-aramaic-serto' 'texlive-aramaic-serto-doc' 'texlive-aramaic-serto-fonts' 'texlive-arara' 'texlive-arara-bin' 'texlive-arara-doc' 'texlive-archaeologie' 'texlive-archaeologie-doc' 'texlive-archaic' 'texlive-archaic-doc' 'texlive-archaic-fonts' 'texlive-arcs' 'texlive-arcs-doc' 'texlive-arev' 'texlive-arev-doc' 'texlive-arev-fonts' 'texlive-armtex' 'texlive-armtex-doc' 'texlive-armtex-fonts' 'texlive-around-the-bend' 'texlive-arphic' 'texlive-arphic-doc' 'texlive-arphic-fonts' 'texlive-arrayjobx' 'texlive-arrayjobx-doc' 'texlive-arraysort' 'texlive-arraysort-doc' 'texlive-arsclassica' 'texlive-arsclassica-doc' 'texlive-articleingud' 'texlive-articleingud-doc' 'texlive-arydshln' 'texlive-arydshln-doc' 'texlive-asaetr' 'texlive-asaetr-doc' 'texlive-asapsym' 'texlive-asapsym-doc' 'texlive-asapsym-fonts' 'texlive-ascelike' 'texlive-ascelike-doc' 'texlive-ascii-chart' 'texlive-ascii-font' 'texlive-ascii-font-doc' 'texlive-ascii-font-fonts' 'texlive-asciilist' 'texlive-asciilist-doc' 'texlive-askmaps' 'texlive-askmaps-doc' 'texlive-aspectratio' 'texlive-aspectratio-doc' 'texlive-aspectratio-fonts' 'texlive-assignment' 'texlive-assignment-doc' 'texlive-assoccnt' 'texlive-assoccnt-doc' 'texlive-astro' 'texlive-astro-doc' 'texlive-asyfig' 'texlive-asyfig-doc' 'texlive-asymptote' 'texlive-asymptote-bin' 'texlive-asymptote-by-example-zh-cn' 'texlive-asymptote-doc' 'texlive-asymptote-faq-zh-cn' 'texlive-asymptote-manual-zh-cn' 'texlive-asypictureb' 'texlive-asypictureb-doc' 'texlive-attachfile' 'texlive-attachfile-doc' 'texlive-augie' 'texlive-augie-doc' 'texlive-augie-fonts' 'texlive-auncial-new' 'texlive-auncial-new-doc' 'texlive-auncial-new-fonts' 'texlive-aurical' 'texlive-aurical-doc' 'texlive-aurical-fonts' 'texlive-authoraftertitle' 'texlive-authoraftertitle-doc' 'texlive-authorindex' 'texlive-authorindex-bin' 'texlive-authorindex-doc' 'texlive-auto-pst-pdf' 'texlive-auto-pst-pdf-doc' 'texlive-autoarea' 'texlive-autoarea-doc' 'texlive-automata' 'texlive-automata-doc' 'texlive-autonum' 'texlive-autonum-doc' 'texlive-autopdf' 'texlive-autopdf-doc' 'texlive-autosp' 'texlive-autosp-bin' 'texlive-avantgar' 'texlive-avantgar-fonts' 'texlive-avremu' 'texlive-avremu-doc' 'texlive-b1encoding' 'texlive-b1encoding-doc' 'texlive-babel' 'texlive-babel-albanian' 'texlive-babel-albanian-doc' 'texlive-babel-bahasa' 'texlive-babel-bahasa-doc' 'texlive-babel-basque' 'texlive-babel-basque-doc' 'texlive-babel-belarusian' 'texlive-babel-belarusian-doc' 'texlive-babel-bosnian' 'texlive-babel-bosnian-doc' 'texlive-babel-breton' 'texlive-babel-breton-doc' 'texlive-babel-bulgarian' 'texlive-babel-bulgarian-doc' 'texlive-babel-catalan' 'texlive-babel-catalan-doc' 'texlive-babel-croatian' 'texlive-babel-croatian-doc' 'texlive-babel-czech' 'texlive-babel-czech-doc' 'texlive-babel-danish' 'texlive-babel-danish-doc' 'texlive-babel-doc' 'texlive-babel-dutch' 'texlive-babel-dutch-doc' 'texlive-babel-english' 'texlive-babel-english-doc' 'texlive-babel-esperanto' 'texlive-babel-esperanto-doc' 'texlive-babel-estonian' 'texlive-babel-estonian-doc' 'texlive-babel-finnish' 'texlive-babel-finnish-doc' 'texlive-babel-french' 'texlive-babel-french-doc' 'texlive-babel-friulan' 'texlive-babel-friulan-doc' 'texlive-babel-galician' 'texlive-babel-galician-doc' 'texlive-babel-georgian' 'texlive-babel-georgian-doc' 'texlive-babel-german' 'texlive-babel-german-doc' 'texlive-babel-greek' 'texlive-babel-greek-doc' 'texlive-babel-hebrew' 'texlive-babel-hebrew-doc' 'texlive-babel-hungarian' 'texlive-babel-hungarian-doc' 'texlive-babel-icelandic' 'texlive-babel-icelandic-doc' 'texlive-babel-interlingua' 'texlive-babel-interlingua-doc' 'texlive-babel-irish' 'texlive-babel-irish-doc' 'texlive-babel-italian' 'texlive-babel-italian-doc' 'texlive-babel-kurmanji' 'texlive-babel-kurmanji-doc' 'texlive-babel-latin' 'texlive-babel-latin-doc' 'texlive-babel-latvian' 'texlive-babel-latvian-doc' 'texlive-babel-macedonian' 'texlive-babel-macedonian-doc' 'texlive-babel-norsk' 'texlive-babel-norsk-doc' 'texlive-babel-occitan' 'texlive-babel-occitan-doc' 'texlive-babel-piedmontese' 'texlive-babel-piedmontese-doc' 'texlive-babel-polish' 'texlive-babel-polish-doc' 'texlive-babel-portuges' 'texlive-babel-portuges-doc' 'texlive-babel-romanian' 'texlive-babel-romanian-doc' 'texlive-babel-romansh' 'texlive-babel-romansh-doc' 'texlive-babel-russian' 'texlive-babel-russian-doc' 'texlive-babel-samin' 'texlive-babel-samin-doc' 'texlive-babel-scottish' 'texlive-babel-scottish-doc' 'texlive-babel-serbian' 'texlive-babel-serbian-doc' 'texlive-babel-serbianc' 'texlive-babel-serbianc-doc' 'texlive-babel-slovak' 'texlive-babel-slovak-doc' 'texlive-babel-slovenian' 'texlive-babel-slovenian-doc' 'texlive-babel-sorbian' 'texlive-babel-sorbian-doc' 'texlive-babel-spanglish' 'texlive-babel-spanglish-doc' 'texlive-babel-spanish' 'texlive-babel-spanish-doc' 'texlive-babel-swedish' 'texlive-babel-swedish-doc' 'texlive-babel-thai' 'texlive-babel-thai-doc' 'texlive-babel-turkish' 'texlive-babel-turkish-doc' 'texlive-babel-ukrainian' 'texlive-babel-ukrainian-doc' 'texlive-babel-vietnamese' 'texlive-babel-vietnamese-doc' 'texlive-babel-welsh' 'texlive-babel-welsh-doc' 'texlive-babelbib' 'texlive-babelbib-doc' 'texlive-background' 'texlive-background-doc' 'texlive-backnaur' 'texlive-backnaur-doc' 'texlive-bagpipe' 'texlive-bagpipe-doc' 'texlive-bangorcsthesis' 'texlive-bangorcsthesis-doc' 'texlive-bangtex' 'texlive-bangtex-doc' 'texlive-bankstatement' 'texlive-bankstatement-doc' 'texlive-barcodes' 'texlive-barcodes-doc' 'texlive-bardiag' 'texlive-bardiag-doc' 'texlive-barr' 'texlive-barr-doc' 'texlive-bartel-chess-fonts' 'texlive-bartel-chess-fonts-doc' 'texlive-bashful' 'texlive-bashful-doc' 'texlive-basicarith' 'texlive-basicarith-doc' 'texlive-baskervald' 'texlive-baskervald-doc' 'texlive-baskervald-fonts' 'texlive-baskervaldx' 'texlive-baskervaldx-doc' 'texlive-baskervaldx-fonts' 'texlive-basque-book' 'texlive-basque-book-doc' 'texlive-basque-date' 'texlive-basque-date-doc' 'texlive-bbcard' 'texlive-bbcard-doc' 'texlive-bbding' 'texlive-bbding-doc' 'texlive-bbm' 'texlive-bbm-doc' 'texlive-bbm-macros' 'texlive-bbm-macros-doc' 'texlive-bbold' 'texlive-bbold-doc' 'texlive-bbold-type1' 'texlive-bbold-type1-doc' 'texlive-bbold-type1-fonts' 'texlive-bchart' 'texlive-bchart-doc' 'texlive-bclogo' 'texlive-bclogo-doc' 'texlive-beamer' 'texlive-beamer-FUBerlin' 'texlive-beamer-doc' 'texlive-beamer-tut-pt' 'texlive-beamer-verona' 'texlive-beamer-verona-doc' 'texlive-beamer2thesis' 'texlive-beamer2thesis-doc' 'texlive-beameraudience' 'texlive-beameraudience-doc' 'texlive-beamercolorthemeowl' 'texlive-beamercolorthemeowl-doc' 'texlive-beamerdarkthemes' 'texlive-beamerdarkthemes-doc' 'texlive-beamerposter' 'texlive-beamerposter-doc' 'texlive-beamersubframe' 'texlive-beamersubframe-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm' 'texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-epyt' 'texlive-beamertheme-epyt-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-metropolis' 'texlive-beamertheme-metropolis-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh' 'texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh-doc' 'texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc' 'texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc-doc' 'texlive-beamerthemejltree' 'texlive-beamerthemenirma' 'texlive-beamerthemenirma-doc' 'texlive-beebe' 'texlive-begingreek' 'texlive-begingreek-doc' 'texlive-begriff' 'texlive-begriff-doc' 'texlive-belleek' 'texlive-belleek-doc' 'texlive-belleek-fonts' 'texlive-bengali' 'texlive-bengali-doc' 'texlive-bera' 'texlive-bera-doc' 'texlive-bera-fonts' 'texlive-berenisadf' 'texlive-berenisadf-doc' 'texlive-berenisadf-fonts' 'texlive-besjournals' 'texlive-besjournals-doc' 'texlive-bestpapers' 'texlive-bestpapers-doc' 'texlive-betababel' 'texlive-betababel-doc' 'texlive-beton' 'texlive-beton-doc' 'texlive-bewerbung' 'texlive-bewerbung-doc' 'texlive-bez123' 'texlive-bez123-doc' 'texlive-bezos' 'texlive-bezos-doc' 'texlive-bgreek' 'texlive-bgreek-doc' 'texlive-bgteubner' 'texlive-bgteubner-doc' 'texlive-bguq' 'texlive-bguq-doc' 'texlive-bguq-fonts' 'texlive-bhcexam' 'texlive-bhcexam-doc' 'texlive-bib-fr' 'texlive-bib-fr-doc' 'texlive-bibarts' 'texlive-bibarts-doc' 'texlive-biber' 'texlive-biber-bin' 'texlive-bibexport' 'texlive-bibexport-bin' 'texlive-bibexport-doc' 'texlive-bibhtml' 'texlive-bibhtml-doc' 'texlive-biblatex' 'texlive-biblatex-abnt' 'texlive-biblatex-abnt-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-anonymous' 'texlive-biblatex-anonymous-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-apa' 'texlive-biblatex-apa-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinother' 'texlive-biblatex-bookinother-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-bwl' 'texlive-biblatex-bwl-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-caspervector' 'texlive-biblatex-caspervector-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-chem' 'texlive-biblatex-chem-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-chicago' 'texlive-biblatex-chicago-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-dw' 'texlive-biblatex-dw-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-fiwi' 'texlive-biblatex-fiwi-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-gost' 'texlive-biblatex-gost-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-historian' 'texlive-biblatex-historian-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-ieee' 'texlive-biblatex-ieee-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-iso690' 'texlive-biblatex-iso690-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-juradiss' 'texlive-biblatex-juradiss-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw' 'texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology' 'texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-mla' 'texlive-biblatex-mla-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-morenames' 'texlive-biblatex-morenames-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm' 'texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-musuos' 'texlive-biblatex-musuos-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-nature' 'texlive-biblatex-nature-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-nejm' 'texlive-biblatex-nejm-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle' 'texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-philosophy' 'texlive-biblatex-philosophy-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-phys' 'texlive-biblatex-phys-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-publist' 'texlive-biblatex-publist-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-realauthor' 'texlive-biblatex-realauthor-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-science' 'texlive-biblatex-science-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-source-division' 'texlive-biblatex-source-division-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-subseries' 'texlive-biblatex-subseries-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal' 'texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-trad' 'texlive-biblatex-trad-doc' 'texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit' 'texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit-doc' 'texlive-bibleref' 'texlive-bibleref-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-french' 'texlive-bibleref-french-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-german' 'texlive-bibleref-german-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-lds' 'texlive-bibleref-lds-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-mouth' 'texlive-bibleref-mouth-doc' 'texlive-bibleref-parse' 'texlive-bibleref-parse-doc' 'texlive-bibletext' 'texlive-bibletext-doc' 'texlive-biblist' 'texlive-biblist-doc' 'texlive-bibtex' 'texlive-bibtex-bin' 'texlive-bibtex-doc' 'texlive-bibtex8' 'texlive-bibtex8-bin' 'texlive-bibtex8-doc' 'texlive-bibtexperllibs' 'texlive-bibtexperllibs-doc' 'texlive-bibtexu' 'texlive-bibtexu-bin' 'texlive-bibtopic' 'texlive-bibtopic-doc' 'texlive-bibtopicprefix' 'texlive-bibtopicprefix-doc' 'texlive-bibunits' 'texlive-bibunits-doc' 'texlive-bidi' 'texlive-bidi-atbegshi' 'texlive-bidi-atbegshi-doc' 'texlive-bidi-doc' 'texlive-bidicontour' 'texlive-bidicontour-doc' 'texlive-bidihl' 'texlive-bidihl-doc' 'texlive-bidipagegrid' 'texlive-bidipagegrid-doc' 'texlive-bidipresentation' 'texlive-bidipresentation-doc' 'texlive-bidishadowtext' 'texlive-bidishadowtext-doc' 'texlive-bigfoot' 'texlive-bigfoot-doc' 'texlive-bigints' 'texlive-bigints-doc' 'texlive-bin-devel' 'texlive-binomexp' 'texlive-binomexp-doc' 'texlive-biocon' 'texlive-biocon-doc' 'texlive-bitelist' 'texlive-bitelist-doc' 'texlive-bitpattern' 'texlive-bitpattern-doc' 'texlive-bizcard' 'texlive-bizcard-doc' 'texlive-blacklettert1' 'texlive-blacklettert1-doc' 'texlive-blindtext' 'texlive-blindtext-doc' 'texlive-blkarray' 'texlive-blkarray-doc' 'texlive-blochsphere' 'texlive-blochsphere-doc' 'texlive-block' 'texlive-block-doc' 'texlive-blockdraw_mp' 'texlive-blockdraw_mp-doc' 'texlive-bloques' 'texlive-bloques-doc' 'texlive-blox' 'texlive-blox-doc' 'texlive-bnumexpr' 'texlive-bnumexpr-doc' 'texlive-bodegraph' 'texlive-bodegraph-doc' 'texlive-bohr' 'texlive-bohr-doc' 'texlive-boisik' 'texlive-boisik-doc' 'texlive-boites' 'texlive-boites-doc' 'texlive-bold-extra' 'texlive-bold-extra-doc' 'texlive-boldtensors' 'texlive-boldtensors-doc' 'texlive-bondgraph' 'texlive-bondgraph-doc' 'texlive-bondgraphs' 'texlive-bondgraphs-doc' 'texlive-bookcover' 'texlive-bookcover-doc' 'texlive-bookdb' 'texlive-bookdb-doc' 'texlive-bookest' 'texlive-bookest-doc' 'texlive-bookhands' 'texlive-bookhands-doc' 'texlive-bookhands-fonts' 'texlive-booklet' 'texlive-booklet-doc' 'texlive-bookman' 'texlive-bookman-fonts' 'texlive-booktabs' 'texlive-booktabs-de' 'texlive-booktabs-doc' 'texlive-booktabs-fr' 'texlive-boolexpr' 'texlive-boolexpr-doc' 'texlive-boondox' 'texlive-boondox-doc' 'texlive-boondox-fonts' 'texlive-bophook' 'texlive-bophook-doc' 'texlive-borceux' 'texlive-borceux-doc' 'texlive-bosisio' 'texlive-bosisio-doc' 'texlive-boxedminipage' 'texlive-boxedminipage-doc' 'texlive-boxedminipage2e' 'texlive-boxedminipage2e-doc' 'texlive-boxhandler' 'texlive-boxhandler-doc' 'texlive-bpchem' 'texlive-bpchem-doc' 'texlive-bpolynomial' 'texlive-bpolynomial-doc' 'texlive-br-lex' 'texlive-br-lex-doc' 'texlive-bracketkey' 'texlive-bracketkey-doc' 'texlive-braids' 'texlive-braids-doc' 'texlive-braille' 'texlive-braille-doc' 'texlive-braket' 'texlive-braket-doc' 'texlive-brandeis-dissertation' 'texlive-brandeis-dissertation-doc' 'texlive-breakcites' 'texlive-breakcites-doc' 'texlive-breakurl' 'texlive-breakurl-doc' 'texlive-breqn' 'texlive-breqn-doc' 'texlive-bropd' 'texlive-bropd-doc' 'texlive-brushscr' 'texlive-brushscr-doc' 'texlive-brushscr-fonts' 'texlive-bullcntr' 'texlive-bullcntr-doc' 'texlive-bundledoc' 'texlive-bundledoc-bin' 'texlive-bundledoc-doc' 'texlive-burmese' 'texlive-burmese-doc' 'texlive-burmese-fonts' 'texlive-bussproofs' 'texlive-bussproofs-doc' 'texlive-bxbase' 'texlive-bxbase-doc' 'texlive-bxcjkjatype' 'texlive-bxcjkjatype-doc' 'texlive-bxdpx-beamer' 'texlive-bxdpx-beamer-doc' 'texlive-bxdvidriver' 'texlive-bxdvidriver-doc' 'texlive-bxeepic' 'texlive-bxeepic-doc' 'texlive-bxenclose' 'texlive-bxenclose-doc' 'texlive-bxjscls' 'texlive-bxjscls-doc' 'texlive-bxnewfont' 'texlive-bxnewfont-doc' 'texlive-bxpapersize' 'texlive-bxpapersize-doc' 'texlive-bxpdfver' 'texlive-bxpdfver-doc' 'texlive-bytefield' 'texlive-bytefield-doc' 'texlive-c-pascal' 'texlive-c-pascal-doc' 'texlive-c90' 'texlive-c90-doc' 'texlive-cabin' 'texlive-cabin-doc' 'texlive-cabin-fonts' 'texlive-cachepic' 'texlive-cachepic-bin' 'texlive-cachepic-doc' 'texlive-caladea' 'texlive-caladea-doc' 'texlive-caladea-fonts' 'texlive-calcage' 'texlive-calcage-doc' 'texlive-calctab' 'texlive-calctab-doc' 'texlive-calculation' 'texlive-calculation-doc' 'texlive-calculator' 'texlive-calculator-doc' 'texlive-calligra' 'texlive-calligra-doc' 'texlive-calligra-type1' 'texlive-calligra-type1-doc' 'texlive-calligra-type1-fonts' 'texlive-calrsfs' 'texlive-calrsfs-doc' 'texlive-cals' 'texlive-cals-doc' 'texlive-calxxxx-yyyy' 'texlive-calxxxx-yyyy-doc' 'texlive-cancel' 'texlive-cancel-doc' 'texlive-canoniclayout' 'texlive-canoniclayout-doc' 'texlive-cantarell' 'texlive-cantarell-doc' 'texlive-cantarell-fonts' 'texlive-capt-of' 'texlive-capt-of-doc' 'texlive-captcont' 'texlive-captcont-doc' 'texlive-captdef' 'texlive-captdef-doc' 'texlive-caption' 'texlive-caption-doc' 'texlive-carbohydrates' 'texlive-carbohydrates-doc' 'texlive-carlisle' 'texlive-carlisle-doc' 'texlive-carlito' 'texlive-carlito-doc' 'texlive-carlito-fonts' 'texlive-carolmin-ps' 'texlive-carolmin-ps-doc' 'texlive-carolmin-ps-fonts' 'texlive-cascadilla' 'texlive-cascadilla-doc' 'texlive-cases' 'texlive-cases-doc' 'texlive-casyl' 'texlive-casyl-doc' 'texlive-catchfilebetweentags' 'texlive-catchfilebetweentags-doc' 'texlive-catcodes' 'texlive-catcodes-doc' 'texlive-catechis' 'texlive-catechis-doc' 'texlive-catoptions' 'texlive-catoptions-doc' 'texlive-cbcoptic' 'texlive-cbcoptic-doc' 'texlive-cbcoptic-fonts' 'texlive-cbfonts' 'texlive-cbfonts-doc' 'texlive-cbfonts-fd' 'texlive-cbfonts-fd-doc' 'texlive-cbfonts-fonts' 'texlive-cc-pl' 'texlive-cc-pl-doc' 'texlive-cc-pl-fonts' 'texlive-ccaption' 'texlive-ccaption-doc' 'texlive-ccfonts' 'texlive-ccfonts-doc' 'texlive-ccicons' 'texlive-ccicons-doc' 'texlive-ccicons-fonts' 'texlive-cclicenses' 'texlive-cclicenses-doc' 'texlive-cd' 'texlive-cd-cover' 'texlive-cd-cover-doc' 'texlive-cd-doc' 'texlive-cdpbundl' 'texlive-cdpbundl-doc' 'texlive-cell' 'texlive-cell-doc' 'texlive-cellspace' 'texlive-cellspace-doc' 'texlive-celtic' 'texlive-celtic-doc' 'texlive-censor' 'texlive-censor-doc' 'texlive-cfr-initials' 'texlive-cfr-initials-doc' 'texlive-cfr-lm' 'texlive-cfr-lm-doc' 'texlive-changebar' 'texlive-changebar-doc' 'texlive-changelayout' 'texlive-changelayout-doc' 'texlive-changepage' 'texlive-changepage-doc' 'texlive-changes' 'texlive-changes-doc' 'texlive-chappg' 'texlive-chappg-doc' 'texlive-chapterfolder' 'texlive-chapterfolder-doc' 'texlive-charter' 'texlive-charter-doc' 'texlive-charter-fonts' 'texlive-chbibref' 'texlive-chbibref-doc' 'texlive-checkcites' 'texlive-checkcites-bin' 'texlive-checkcites-doc' 'texlive-checklistings' 'texlive-checklistings-bin' 'texlive-checklistings-doc' 'texlive-chem-journal' 'texlive-chemarrow' 'texlive-chemarrow-doc' 'texlive-chemarrow-fonts' 'texlive-chembst' 'texlive-chembst-doc' 'texlive-chemcompounds' 'texlive-chemcompounds-doc' 'texlive-chemcono' 'texlive-chemcono-doc' 'texlive-chemexec' 'texlive-chemexec-doc' 'texlive-chemfig' 'texlive-chemfig-doc' 'texlive-chemformula' 'texlive-chemformula-doc' 'texlive-chemgreek' 'texlive-chemgreek-doc' 'texlive-chemmacros' 'texlive-chemmacros-doc' 'texlive-chemnum' 'texlive-chemnum-doc' 'texlive-chemschemex' 'texlive-chemschemex-doc' 'texlive-chemstyle' 'texlive-chemstyle-doc' 'texlive-cherokee' 'texlive-cherokee-doc' 'texlive-chess' 'texlive-chess-doc' 'texlive-chess-problem-diagrams' 'texlive-chess-problem-diagrams-doc' 'texlive-chessboard' 'texlive-chessboard-doc' 'texlive-chessfss' 'texlive-chessfss-doc' 'texlive-chet' 'texlive-chet-doc' 'texlive-chextras' 'texlive-chextras-doc' 'texlive-chicago' 'texlive-chicago-annote' 'texlive-chicago-annote-doc' 'texlive-chickenize' 'texlive-chickenize-doc' 'texlive-chivo' 'texlive-chivo-doc' 'texlive-chivo-fonts' 'texlive-chkfloat' 'texlive-chkfloat-doc' 'texlive-chktex' 'texlive-chktex-bin' 'texlive-chktex-doc' 'texlive-chletter' 'texlive-chletter-doc' 'texlive-chngcntr' 'texlive-chngcntr-doc' 'texlive-chronology' 'texlive-chronology-doc' 'texlive-chronosys' 'texlive-chronosys-doc' 'texlive-chscite' 'texlive-chscite-doc' 'texlive-churchslavonic' 'texlive-churchslavonic-doc' 'texlive-cinzel' 'texlive-cinzel-doc' 'texlive-cinzel-fonts' 'texlive-circ' 'texlive-circ-doc' 'texlive-circuitikz' 'texlive-circuitikz-doc' 'texlive-cite' 'texlive-cite-doc' 'texlive-citeall' 'texlive-citeall-doc' 'texlive-cjhebrew' 'texlive-cjhebrew-doc' 'texlive-cjhebrew-fonts' 'texlive-cjk' 'texlive-cjk-doc' 'texlive-cjk-gs-integrate' 'texlive-cjk-gs-integrate-bin' 'texlive-cjk-gs-integrate-doc' 'texlive-cjk-ko' 'texlive-cjk-ko-doc' 'texlive-cjk-latex-extras' 'texlive-cjkpunct' 'texlive-cjkpunct-doc' 'texlive-cjkutils' 'texlive-cjkutils-bin' 'texlive-cjkutils-doc' 'texlive-classics' 'texlive-classics-doc' 'texlive-classicthesis' 'texlive-classicthesis-doc' 'texlive-classpack' 'texlive-classpack-doc' 'texlive-cleanthesis' 'texlive-cleanthesis-doc' 'texlive-clearsans' 'texlive-clearsans-doc' 'texlive-clearsans-fonts' 'texlive-clefval' 'texlive-clefval-doc' 'texlive-cleveref' 'texlive-cleveref-doc' 'texlive-clipboard' 'texlive-clipboard-doc' 'texlive-clock' 'texlive-clock-doc' 'texlive-cloze' 'texlive-cloze-doc' 'texlive-clrscode' 'texlive-clrscode-doc' 'texlive-clrscode3e' 'texlive-clrscode3e-doc' 'texlive-cm' 'texlive-cm-doc' 'texlive-cm-lgc' 'texlive-cm-lgc-doc' 'texlive-cm-lgc-fonts' 'texlive-cm-super' 'texlive-cm-super-doc' 'texlive-cm-super-fonts' 'texlive-cm-unicode' 'texlive-cm-unicode-doc' 'texlive-cm-unicode-fonts' 'texlive-cmap' 'texlive-cmap-doc' 'texlive-cmarrows' 'texlive-cmarrows-doc' 'texlive-cmbright' 'texlive-cmbright-doc' 'texlive-cmcyr' 'texlive-cmcyr-doc' 'texlive-cmcyr-fonts' 'texlive-cmdstring' 'texlive-cmdstring-doc' 'texlive-cmdtrack' 'texlive-cmdtrack-doc' 'texlive-cmexb' 'texlive-cmexb-doc' 'texlive-cmexb-fonts' 'texlive-cmextra' 'texlive-cmll' 'texlive-cmll-doc' 'texlive-cmll-fonts' 'texlive-cmpica' 'texlive-cmpica-doc' 'texlive-cmpj' 'texlive-cmpj-doc' 'texlive-cmsd' 'texlive-cmsd-doc' 'texlive-cmtiup' 'texlive-cmtiup-doc' 'texlive-cnbwp' 'texlive-cnbwp-doc' 'texlive-cnltx' 'texlive-cnltx-doc' 'texlive-cns' 'texlive-cns-doc' 'texlive-cntformats' 'texlive-cntformats-doc' 'texlive-cntperchap' 'texlive-cntperchap-doc' 'texlive-cochineal' 'texlive-cochineal-doc' 'texlive-cochineal-fonts' 'texlive-codedoc' 'texlive-codedoc-doc' 'texlive-codepage' 'texlive-codepage-doc' 'texlive-codesection' 'texlive-codesection-doc' 'texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano' 'texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano-doc' 'texlive-collcell' 'texlive-collcell-doc' 'texlive-collectbox' 'texlive-collectbox-doc' 'texlive-collection-basic' 'texlive-collection-bibtexextra' 'texlive-collection-binextra' 'texlive-collection-context' 'texlive-collection-fontsextra' 'texlive-collection-fontsrecommended' 'texlive-collection-fontutils' 'texlive-collection-formatsextra' 'texlive-collection-games' 'texlive-collection-genericextra' 'texlive-collection-genericrecommended' 'texlive-collection-htmlxml' 'texlive-collection-humanities' 'texlive-collection-langafrican' 'texlive-collection-langarabic' 'texlive-collection-langchinese' 'texlive-collection-langcjk' 'texlive-collection-langcyrillic' 'texlive-collection-langczechslovak' 'texlive-collection-langenglish' 'texlive-collection-langeuropean' 'texlive-collection-langfrench' 'texlive-collection-langgerman' 'texlive-collection-langgreek' 'texlive-collection-langindic' 'texlive-collection-langitalian' 'texlive-collection-langjapanese' 'texlive-collection-langkorean' 'texlive-collection-langother' 'texlive-collection-langpolish' 'texlive-collection-langportuguese' 'texlive-collection-langspanish' 'texlive-collection-latex' 'texlive-collection-latexextra' 'texlive-collection-latexrecommended' 'texlive-collection-luatex' 'texlive-collection-mathextra' 'texlive-collection-metapost' 'texlive-collection-music' 'texlive-collection-omega' 'texlive-collection-pictures' 'texlive-collection-plainextra' 'texlive-collection-pstricks' 'texlive-collection-publishers' 'texlive-collection-science' 'texlive-collection-xetex' 'texlive-collref' 'texlive-collref-doc' 'texlive-colordoc' 'texlive-colordoc-doc' 'texlive-colorinfo' 'texlive-colorinfo-doc' 'texlive-coloring' 'texlive-coloring-doc' 'texlive-colorsep' 'texlive-colorspace' 'texlive-colorspace-doc' 'texlive-colortab' 'texlive-colortab-doc' 'texlive-colortbl' 'texlive-colortbl-doc' 'texlive-colorwav' 'texlive-colorwav-doc' 'texlive-colorweb' 'texlive-colorweb-doc' 'texlive-colourchange' 'texlive-colourchange-doc' 'texlive-combelow' 'texlive-combelow-doc' 'texlive-combine' 'texlive-combine-doc' 'texlive-combinedgraphics' 'texlive-combinedgraphics-doc' 'texlive-comfortaa' 'texlive-comfortaa-doc' 'texlive-comfortaa-fonts' 'texlive-comicneue' 'texlive-comicneue-doc' 'texlive-comicneue-fonts' 'texlive-comma' 'texlive-comma-doc' 'texlive-commado' 'texlive-commado-doc' 'texlive-commath' 'texlive-commath-doc' 'texlive-comment' 'texlive-comment-doc' 'texlive-compactbib' 'texlive-complexity' 'texlive-complexity-doc' 'texlive-components-of-TeX' 'texlive-comprehensive' 'texlive-computational-complexity' 'texlive-computational-complexity-doc' 'texlive-concepts' 'texlive-concepts-doc' 'texlive-concmath' 'texlive-concmath-doc' 'texlive-concmath-fonts' 'texlive-concmath-fonts-doc' 'texlive-concprog' 'texlive-concprog-doc' 'texlive-concrete' 'texlive-concrete-doc' 'texlive-confproc' 'texlive-confproc-doc' 'texlive-constants' 'texlive-constants-doc' 'texlive-conteq' 'texlive-conteq-doc' 'texlive-context' 'texlive-context-account' 'texlive-context-account-doc' 'texlive-context-algorithmic' 'texlive-context-animation' 'texlive-context-animation-doc' 'texlive-context-annotation' 'texlive-context-annotation-doc' 'texlive-context-bin' 'texlive-context-bnf' 'texlive-context-bnf-doc' 'texlive-context-chromato' 'texlive-context-chromato-doc' 'texlive-context-construction-plan' 'texlive-context-construction-plan-doc' 'texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers' 'texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers-doc' 'texlive-context-degrade' 'texlive-context-degrade-doc' 'texlive-context-doc' 'texlive-context-fancybreak' 'texlive-context-fancybreak-doc' 'texlive-context-filter' 'texlive-context-filter-doc' 'texlive-context-fixme' 'texlive-context-fonts' 'texlive-context-french' 'texlive-context-french-doc' 'texlive-context-fullpage' 'texlive-context-fullpage-doc' 'texlive-context-games' 'texlive-context-games-doc' 'texlive-context-gantt' 'texlive-context-gantt-doc' 'texlive-context-gnuplot' 'texlive-context-gnuplot-doc' 'texlive-context-letter' 'texlive-context-letter-doc' 'texlive-context-lettrine' 'texlive-context-lettrine-doc' 'texlive-context-lilypond' 'texlive-context-lilypond-doc' 'texlive-context-mathsets' 'texlive-context-mathsets-doc' 'texlive-context-notes-zh-cn' 'texlive-context-rst' 'texlive-context-rst-doc' 'texlive-context-ruby' 'texlive-context-ruby-doc' 'texlive-context-simplefonts' 'texlive-context-simplefonts-doc' 'texlive-context-simpleslides' 'texlive-context-simpleslides-doc' 'texlive-context-title' 'texlive-context-title-doc' 'texlive-context-transliterator' 'texlive-context-transliterator-doc' 'texlive-context-typearea' 'texlive-context-typearea-doc' 'texlive-context-typescripts' 'texlive-context-typescripts-doc' 'texlive-context-vim' 'texlive-context-vim-doc' 'texlive-context-visualcounter' 'texlive-context-visualcounter-doc' 'texlive-continue' 'texlive-continue-doc' 'texlive-contour' 'texlive-contour-doc' 'texlive-contracard' 'texlive-contracard-doc' 'texlive-convbkmk' 'texlive-convbkmk-bin' 'texlive-convbkmk-doc' 'texlive-cooking' 'texlive-cooking-doc' 'texlive-cookingsymbols' 'texlive-cookingsymbols-doc' 'texlive-cool' 'texlive-cool-doc' 'texlive-coollist' 'texlive-coollist-doc' 'texlive-coolstr' 'texlive-coolstr-doc' 'texlive-coolthms' 'texlive-coolthms-doc' 'texlive-cooltooltips' 'texlive-cooltooltips-doc' 'texlive-coordsys' 'texlive-coordsys-doc' 'texlive-copyedit' 'texlive-copyedit-doc' 'texlive-copyrightbox' 'texlive-copyrightbox-doc' 'texlive-coseoul' 'texlive-coseoul-doc' 'texlive-countriesofeurope' 'texlive-countriesofeurope-doc' 'texlive-countriesofeurope-fonts' 'texlive-counttexruns' 'texlive-counttexruns-doc' 'texlive-courier' 'texlive-courier-fonts' 'texlive-courier-scaled' 'texlive-courier-scaled-doc' 'texlive-courseoutline' 'texlive-courseoutline-doc' 'texlive-coursepaper' 'texlive-coursepaper-doc' 'texlive-coverpage' 'texlive-coverpage-doc' 'texlive-covington' 'texlive-covington-doc' 'texlive-cprotect' 'texlive-cprotect-doc' 'texlive-crbox' 'texlive-crbox-doc' 'texlive-crimson' 'texlive-crimson-doc' 'texlive-crimson-fonts' 'texlive-crop' 'texlive-crop-doc' 'texlive-crossreference' 'texlive-crossreference-doc' 'texlive-crossrefware' 'texlive-crossrefware-bin' 'texlive-crossrefware-doc' 'texlive-crossword' 'texlive-crossword-doc' 'texlive-crosswrd' 'texlive-crosswrd-doc' 'texlive-cryptocode' 'texlive-cryptocode-doc' 'texlive-cryst' 'texlive-cryst-doc' 'texlive-cryst-fonts' 'texlive-cs' 'texlive-cs-fonts' 'texlive-csbulletin' 'texlive-csbulletin-doc' 'texlive-cslatex' 'texlive-cslatex-bin' 'texlive-csplain' 'texlive-csplain-bin' 'texlive-csquotes' 'texlive-csquotes-de' 'texlive-csquotes-doc' 'texlive-cstex' 'texlive-csvsimple' 'texlive-csvsimple-doc' 'texlive-ctable' 'texlive-ctable-doc' 'texlive-ctablestack' 'texlive-ctablestack-doc' 'texlive-ctan_chk' 'texlive-ctanify' 'texlive-ctanify-bin' 'texlive-ctanify-doc' 'texlive-ctanupload' 'texlive-ctanupload-bin' 'texlive-ctanupload-doc' 'texlive-ctex' 'texlive-ctex-doc' 'texlive-ctex-faq' 'texlive-ctib' 'texlive-ctib-doc' 'texlive-ctie' 'texlive-ctie-bin' 'texlive-cuisine' 'texlive-cuisine-doc' 'texlive-currfile' 'texlive-currfile-doc' 'texlive-currvita' 'texlive-currvita-doc' 'texlive-cursolatex' 'texlive-curve' 'texlive-curve-doc' 'texlive-curve2e' 'texlive-curve2e-doc' 'texlive-curves' 'texlive-curves-doc' 'texlive-custom-bib' 'texlive-custom-bib-doc' 'texlive-cutwin' 'texlive-cutwin-doc' 'texlive-cv' 'texlive-cv-doc' 'texlive-cv4tw' 'texlive-cv4tw-doc' 'texlive-cweb' 'texlive-cweb-bin' 'texlive-cweb-doc' 'texlive-cweb-latex' 'texlive-cweb-latex-doc' 'texlive-cyber' 'texlive-cyber-doc' 'texlive-cybercic' 'texlive-cybercic-doc' 'texlive-cyklop' 'texlive-cyklop-doc' 'texlive-cyklop-fonts' 'texlive-cyrillic' 'texlive-cyrillic-bin' 'texlive-cyrillic-bin-bin' 'texlive-cyrillic-bin-doc' 'texlive-cyrillic-doc' 'texlive-cyrplain' 'texlive-dad' 'texlive-dad-doc' 'texlive-dad-fonts' 'texlive-dancers' 'texlive-dantelogo' 'texlive-dantelogo-doc' 'texlive-dantelogo-fonts' 'texlive-dashbox' 'texlive-dashbox-doc' 'texlive-dashrule' 'texlive-dashrule-doc' 'texlive-dashundergaps' 'texlive-dashundergaps-doc' 'texlive-dataref' 'texlive-dataref-doc' 'texlive-datatool' 'texlive-datatool-doc' 'texlive-dateiliste' 'texlive-dateiliste-doc' 'texlive-datenumber' 'texlive-datenumber-doc' 'texlive-datetime' 'texlive-datetime-doc' 'texlive-datetime2' 'texlive-datetime2-bahasai' 'texlive-datetime2-bahasai-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-basque' 'texlive-datetime2-basque-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-breton' 'texlive-datetime2-breton-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-bulgarian' 'texlive-datetime2-bulgarian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-catalan' 'texlive-datetime2-catalan-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-croatian' 'texlive-datetime2-croatian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-czech' 'texlive-datetime2-czech-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-danish' 'texlive-datetime2-danish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-dutch' 'texlive-datetime2-dutch-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext' 'texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-english' 'texlive-datetime2-english-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-esperanto' 'texlive-datetime2-esperanto-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-estonian' 'texlive-datetime2-estonian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-finnish' 'texlive-datetime2-finnish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-french' 'texlive-datetime2-french-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-galician' 'texlive-datetime2-galician-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-german' 'texlive-datetime2-german-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-greek' 'texlive-datetime2-greek-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-hebrew' 'texlive-datetime2-hebrew-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-icelandic' 'texlive-datetime2-icelandic-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-irish' 'texlive-datetime2-irish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext' 'texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-italian' 'texlive-datetime2-italian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-latin' 'texlive-datetime2-latin-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-lsorbian' 'texlive-datetime2-lsorbian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-magyar' 'texlive-datetime2-magyar-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-norsk' 'texlive-datetime2-norsk-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-polish' 'texlive-datetime2-polish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-portuges' 'texlive-datetime2-portuges-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-romanian' 'texlive-datetime2-romanian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-russian' 'texlive-datetime2-russian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-samin' 'texlive-datetime2-samin-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-scottish' 'texlive-datetime2-scottish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-serbian' 'texlive-datetime2-serbian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-slovak' 'texlive-datetime2-slovak-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-slovene' 'texlive-datetime2-slovene-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-spanish' 'texlive-datetime2-spanish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-swedish' 'texlive-datetime2-swedish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-turkish' 'texlive-datetime2-turkish-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-ukrainian' 'texlive-datetime2-ukrainian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-usorbian' 'texlive-datetime2-usorbian-doc' 'texlive-datetime2-welsh' 'texlive-datetime2-welsh-doc' 'texlive-dblfloatfix' 'texlive-dblfloatfix-doc' 'texlive-dccpaper' 'texlive-dccpaper-doc' 'texlive-dcpic' 'texlive-dcpic-doc' 'texlive-de-macro' 'texlive-de-macro-bin' 'texlive-de-macro-doc' 'texlive-decimal' 'texlive-decimal-doc' 'texlive-decorule' 'texlive-decorule-doc' 'texlive-dehyph-exptl' 'texlive-dehyph-exptl-doc' 'texlive-dejavu' 'texlive-dejavu-doc' 'texlive-dejavu-fonts' 'texlive-delim' 'texlive-delim-doc' 'texlive-delimseasy' 'texlive-delimseasy-doc' 'texlive-delimtxt' 'texlive-delimtxt-doc' 'texlive-denisbdoc' 'texlive-denisbdoc-doc' 'texlive-detex' 'texlive-detex-bin' 'texlive-devel' 'texlive-devnag' 'texlive-devnag-bin' 'texlive-dhua' 'texlive-dhua-doc' 'texlive-diadia' 'texlive-diadia-bin' 'texlive-diadia-doc' 'texlive-diagbox' 'texlive-diagbox-doc' 'texlive-diagmac2' 'texlive-diagmac2-doc' 'texlive-diagnose' 'texlive-diagnose-doc' 'texlive-dialogl' 'texlive-dialogl-doc' 'texlive-dice' 'texlive-dice-doc' 'texlive-dichokey' 'texlive-dichokey-doc' 'texlive-dickimaw' 'texlive-dictsym' 'texlive-dictsym-doc' 'texlive-dictsym-fonts' 'texlive-digiconfigs' 'texlive-digiconfigs-doc' 'texlive-din1505' 'texlive-din1505-doc' 'texlive-dinat' 'texlive-dinat-doc' 'texlive-dinbrief' 'texlive-dinbrief-doc' 'texlive-dingbat' 'texlive-dingbat-doc' 'texlive-directory' 'texlive-directory-doc' 'texlive-dirtree' 'texlive-dirtree-doc' 'texlive-dirtytalk' 'texlive-dirtytalk-doc' 'texlive-disser' 'texlive-disser-doc' 'texlive-dithesis' 'texlive-dithesis-doc' 'texlive-dk-bib' 'texlive-dk-bib-doc' 'texlive-dlfltxb' 'texlive-dlfltxb-doc' 'texlive-dnaseq' 'texlive-dnaseq-doc' 'texlive-dnp' 'texlive-doc-pictex' 'texlive-docbytex' 'texlive-docbytex-doc' 'texlive-doclicense' 'texlive-doclicense-doc' 'texlive-docmfp' 'texlive-docmfp-doc' 'texlive-docmute' 'texlive-docmute-doc' 'texlive-doctools' 'texlive-doctools-doc' 'texlive-documentation' 'texlive-documentation-doc' 'texlive-doi' 'texlive-doi-doc' 'texlive-doipubmed' 'texlive-doipubmed-doc' 'texlive-dosepsbin' 'texlive-dosepsbin-bin' 'texlive-dosepsbin-doc' 'texlive-dot2texi' 'texlive-dot2texi-doc' 'texlive-dotarrow' 'texlive-dotarrow-doc' 'texlive-dotseqn' 'texlive-dotseqn-doc' 'texlive-dottex' 'texlive-dottex-doc' 'texlive-doublestroke' 'texlive-doublestroke-doc' 'texlive-doublestroke-fonts' 'texlive-dowith' 'texlive-dowith-doc' 'texlive-download' 'texlive-download-doc' 'texlive-dox' 'texlive-dox-doc' 'texlive-dozenal' 'texlive-dozenal-doc' 'texlive-dozenal-fonts' 'texlive-dpfloat' 'texlive-dpfloat-doc' 'texlive-dprogress' 'texlive-dprogress-doc' 'texlive-drac' 'texlive-drac-doc' 'texlive-draftcopy' 'texlive-draftcopy-doc' 'texlive-draftwatermark' 'texlive-draftwatermark-doc' 'texlive-dramatist' 'texlive-dramatist-doc' 'texlive-dratex' 'texlive-dratex-doc' 'texlive-drawmatrix' 'texlive-drawmatrix-doc' 'texlive-drawstack' 'texlive-drawstack-doc' 'texlive-drm' 'texlive-drm-doc' 'texlive-drm-fonts' 'texlive-droid' 'texlive-droid-doc' 'texlive-droid-fonts' 'texlive-droit-fr' 'texlive-droit-fr-doc' 'texlive-drs' 'texlive-drs-doc' 'texlive-drv' 'texlive-drv-doc' 'texlive-dsptricks' 'texlive-dsptricks-doc' 'texlive-dtk' 'texlive-dtk-doc' 'texlive-dtl' 'texlive-dtl-bin' 'texlive-dtxgallery' 'texlive-dtxgallery-doc' 'texlive-dtxgen' 'texlive-dtxgen-bin' 'texlive-dtxgen-doc' 'texlive-dtxtut' 'texlive-duerer' 'texlive-duerer-doc' 'texlive-duerer-latex' 'texlive-duerer-latex-doc' 'texlive-duotenzor' 'texlive-duotenzor-doc' 'texlive-dutchcal' 'texlive-dutchcal-doc' 'texlive-dutchcal-fonts' 'texlive-dvdcoll' 'texlive-dvdcoll-doc' 'texlive-dvgloss' 'texlive-dvgloss-doc' 'texlive-dviasm' 'texlive-dviasm-bin' 'texlive-dviasm-doc' 'texlive-dvicopy' 'texlive-dvicopy-bin' 'texlive-dvidvi' 'texlive-dvidvi-bin' 'texlive-dviincl' 'texlive-dviincl-doc' 'texlive-dviljk' 'texlive-dviljk-bin' 'texlive-dvipdfmx' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-bin' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-def' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-def-doc' 'texlive-dvipdfmx-doc' 'texlive-dvipng' 'texlive-dvipng-bin' 'texlive-dvipos' 'texlive-dvipos-bin' 'texlive-dvips' 'texlive-dvips-bin' 'texlive-dvips-doc' 'texlive-dvipsconfig' 'texlive-dvisvgm' 'texlive-dvisvgm-bin' 'texlive-dvisvgm-def' 'texlive-dvisvgm-def-doc' 'texlive-dynamicnumber' 'texlive-dynamicnumber-doc' 'texlive-dynblocks' 'texlive-dynblocks-doc' 'texlive-dyntree' 'texlive-dyntree-doc' 'texlive-e-french' 'texlive-e-french-doc' 'texlive-ean' 'texlive-ean-doc' 'texlive-ean13isbn' 'texlive-ean13isbn-doc' 'texlive-easy' 'texlive-easy-doc' 'texlive-easy-todo' 'texlive-easy-todo-doc' 'texlive-easyfig' 'texlive-easyfig-doc' 'texlive-easylist' 'texlive-easylist-doc' 'texlive-easyreview' 'texlive-easyreview-doc' 'texlive-ebezier' 'texlive-ebezier-doc' 'texlive-ebgaramond' 'texlive-ebgaramond-doc' 'texlive-ebgaramond-fonts' 'texlive-ebgaramond-maths' 'texlive-ebgaramond-maths-doc' 'texlive-ebong' 'texlive-ebong-bin' 'texlive-ebong-doc' 'texlive-ebook' 'texlive-ebook-doc' 'texlive-ebproof' 'texlive-ebproof-doc' 'texlive-ebsthesis' 'texlive-ebsthesis-doc' 'texlive-ec' 'texlive-ec-doc' 'texlive-ecc' 'texlive-ecc-doc' 'texlive-ecclesiastic' 'texlive-ecclesiastic-doc' 'texlive-ecltree' 'texlive-ecltree-doc' 'texlive-eco' 'texlive-eco-doc' 'texlive-ecobiblatex' 'texlive-ecobiblatex-doc' 'texlive-econometrics' 'texlive-econometrics-doc' 'texlive-economic' 'texlive-economic-doc' 'texlive-ecv' 'texlive-ecv-doc' 'texlive-ed' 'texlive-ed-doc' 'texlive-edfnotes' 'texlive-edfnotes-doc' 'texlive-edmac' 'texlive-edmac-doc' 'texlive-edmargin' 'texlive-edmargin-doc' 'texlive-ednotes' 'texlive-ednotes-doc' 'texlive-eemeir' 'texlive-eemeir-doc' 'texlive-eepic' 'texlive-eepic-doc' 'texlive-efbox' 'texlive-efbox-doc' 'texlive-egameps' 'texlive-egameps-doc' 'texlive-egplot' 'texlive-egplot-doc' 'texlive-eiad' 'texlive-eiad-doc' 'texlive-eiad-ltx' 'texlive-eiad-ltx-doc' 'texlive-eijkhout' 'texlive-einfuehrung' 'texlive-einfuehrung2' 'texlive-ejpecp' 'texlive-ejpecp-doc' 'texlive-ekaia' 'texlive-ekaia-doc' 'texlive-elbioimp' 'texlive-elbioimp-doc' 'texlive-electrum' 'texlive-electrum-doc' 'texlive-electrum-fonts' 'texlive-eledform' 'texlive-eledform-doc' 'texlive-eledmac' 'texlive-eledmac-doc' 'texlive-elements' 'texlive-elements-doc' 'texlive-ellipse' 'texlive-ellipse-doc' 'texlive-ellipsis' 'texlive-ellipsis-doc' 'texlive-elmath' 'texlive-elmath-doc' 'texlive-elocalloc' 'texlive-elocalloc-doc' 'texlive-elpres' 'texlive-elpres-doc' 'texlive-elsarticle' 'texlive-elsarticle-doc' 'texlive-elteikthesis' 'texlive-elteikthesis-doc' 'texlive-eltex' 'texlive-eltex-doc' 'texlive-elvish' 'texlive-elvish-doc' 'texlive-elzcards' 'texlive-elzcards-doc' 'texlive-emarks' 'texlive-emarks-doc' 'texlive-embedall' 'texlive-embedall-doc' 'texlive-embrac' 'texlive-embrac-doc' 'texlive-emisa' 'texlive-emisa-doc' 'texlive-emp' 'texlive-emp-doc' 'texlive-emptypage' 'texlive-emptypage-doc' 'texlive-emulateapj' 'texlive-emulateapj-doc' 'texlive-enctex' 'texlive-enctex-doc' 'texlive-encxvlna' 'texlive-encxvlna-doc' 'texlive-endfloat' 'texlive-endfloat-doc' 'texlive-endheads' 'texlive-endheads-doc' 'texlive-endiagram' 'texlive-endiagram-doc' 'texlive-endnotes' 'texlive-endnotes-doc' 'texlive-engpron' 'texlive-engpron-doc' 'texlive-engrec' 'texlive-engrec-doc' 'texlive-engtlc' 'texlive-engtlc-doc' 'texlive-enigma' 'texlive-enigma-doc' 'texlive-enotez' 'texlive-enotez-doc' 'texlive-enumitem' 'texlive-enumitem-doc' 'texlive-enumitem-zref' 'texlive-enumitem-zref-doc' 'texlive-envbig' 'texlive-envbig-doc' 'texlive-environ' 'texlive-environ-doc' 'texlive-envlab' 'texlive-envlab-doc' 'texlive-epigrafica' 'texlive-epigrafica-doc' 'texlive-epigrafica-fonts' 'texlive-epigram' 'texlive-epigraph' 'texlive-epigraph-doc' 'texlive-epiolmec' 'texlive-epiolmec-doc' 'texlive-epiolmec-fonts' 'texlive-eplain' 'texlive-eplain-bin' 'texlive-eplain-doc' 'texlive-epsdice' 'texlive-epsdice-doc' 'texlive-epsf' 'texlive-epsf-doc' 'texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx' 'texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx-doc' 'texlive-epsincl' 'texlive-epsincl-doc' 'texlive-epslatex-fr' 'texlive-epspdf' 'texlive-epspdf-bin' 'texlive-epspdf-doc' 'texlive-epspdfconversion' 'texlive-epspdfconversion-doc' 'texlive-epstopdf' 'texlive-epstopdf-bin' 'texlive-epstopdf-doc' 'texlive-eqell' 'texlive-eqell-doc' 'texlive-eqlist' 'texlive-eqlist-doc' 'texlive-eqname' 'texlive-eqnarray' 'texlive-eqnarray-doc' 'texlive-eqparbox' 'texlive-eqparbox-doc' 'texlive-erdc' 'texlive-erdc-doc' 'texlive-erewhon' 'texlive-erewhon-doc' 'texlive-erewhon-fonts' 'texlive-errata' 'texlive-errata-doc' 'texlive-es-tex-faq' 'texlive-esami' 'texlive-esami-doc' 'texlive-esdiff' 'texlive-esdiff-doc' 'texlive-esint' 'texlive-esint-doc' 'texlive-esint-type1' 'texlive-esint-type1-doc' 'texlive-esint-type1-fonts' 'texlive-esk' 'texlive-esk-doc' 'texlive-eskd' 'texlive-eskd-doc' 'texlive-eskdx' 'texlive-eskdx-doc' 'texlive-eso-pic' 'texlive-eso-pic-doc' 'texlive-esrelation' 'texlive-esrelation-doc' 'texlive-esrelation-fonts' 'texlive-esstix' 'texlive-esstix-doc' 'texlive-esstix-fonts' 'texlive-estcpmm' 'texlive-estcpmm-doc' 'texlive-esvect' 'texlive-esvect-doc' 'texlive-esvect-fonts' 'texlive-etaremune' 'texlive-etaremune-doc' 'texlive-etdipa' 'texlive-etex' 'texlive-etex-doc' 'texlive-etex-pkg' 'texlive-etex-pkg-doc' 'texlive-etextools' 'texlive-etextools-doc' 'texlive-ethiop' 'texlive-ethiop-doc' 'texlive-ethiop-t1' 'texlive-ethiop-t1-doc' 'texlive-ethiop-t1-fonts' 'texlive-etoc' 'texlive-etoc-doc' 'texlive-etoolbox' 'texlive-etoolbox-de' 'texlive-etoolbox-doc' 'texlive-euenc' 'texlive-euenc-doc' 'texlive-eukdate' 'texlive-eukdate-doc' 'texlive-euler' 'texlive-euler-doc' 'texlive-eulervm' 'texlive-eulervm-doc' 'texlive-euro' 'texlive-euro-ce' 'texlive-euro-ce-doc' 'texlive-euro-doc' 'texlive-europasscv' 'texlive-europasscv-doc' 'texlive-europecv' 'texlive-europecv-doc' 'texlive-eurosym' 'texlive-eurosym-doc' 'texlive-eurosym-fonts' 'texlive-euxm' 'texlive-everyhook' 'texlive-everyhook-doc' 'texlive-everypage' 'texlive-everypage-doc' 'texlive-exam' 'texlive-exam-doc' 'texlive-exam-n' 'texlive-exam-n-doc' 'texlive-examdesign' 'texlive-examdesign-doc' 'texlive-example' 'texlive-examplep' 'texlive-examplep-doc' 'texlive-exceltex' 'texlive-exceltex-bin' 'texlive-exceltex-doc' 'texlive-excludeonly' 'texlive-excludeonly-doc' 'texlive-exercise' 'texlive-exercise-doc' 'texlive-exercises' 'texlive-exercises-doc' 'texlive-exp-testopt' 'texlive-exp-testopt-doc' 'texlive-expdlist' 'texlive-expdlist-doc' 'texlive-expex' 'texlive-expex-doc' 'texlive-export' 'texlive-export-doc' 'texlive-expressg' 'texlive-expressg-doc' 'texlive-exsheets' 'texlive-exsheets-doc' 'texlive-exsol' 'texlive-exsol-doc' 'texlive-extarrows' 'texlive-extarrows-doc' 'texlive-exteps' 'texlive-exteps-doc' 'texlive-extpfeil' 'texlive-extpfeil-doc' 'texlive-extract' 'texlive-extract-doc' 'texlive-extratools' 'texlive-extsizes' 'texlive-extsizes-doc' 'texlive-facsimile' 'texlive-facsimile-doc' 'texlive-factura' 'texlive-factura-doc' 'texlive-facture' 'texlive-facture-doc' 'texlive-faktor' 'texlive-faktor-doc' 'texlive-fancybox' 'texlive-fancybox-doc' 'texlive-fancyhdr' 'texlive-fancyhdr-doc' 'texlive-fancyhdr-it' 'texlive-fancylabel' 'texlive-fancylabel-doc' 'texlive-fancynum' 'texlive-fancynum-doc' 'texlive-fancypar' 'texlive-fancypar-doc' 'texlive-fancyref' 'texlive-fancyref-doc' 'texlive-fancyslides' 'texlive-fancyslides-doc' 'texlive-fancytabs' 'texlive-fancytabs-doc' 'texlive-fancytooltips' 'texlive-fancytooltips-doc' 'texlive-fancyvrb' 'texlive-fancyvrb-doc' 'texlive-fandol' 'texlive-fandol-doc' 'texlive-fandol-fonts' 'texlive-fast-diagram' 'texlive-fast-diagram-doc' 'texlive-fbb' 'texlive-fbb-doc' 'texlive-fbb-fonts' 'texlive-fbithesis' 'texlive-fbithesis-doc' 'texlive-fbs' 'texlive-fc' 'texlive-fc-doc' 'texlive-fcavtex' 'texlive-fcavtex-doc' 'texlive-fcltxdoc' 'texlive-fcltxdoc-doc' 'texlive-fcolumn' 'texlive-fcolumn-doc' 'texlive-fdsymbol' 'texlive-fdsymbol-doc' 'texlive-fdsymbol-fonts' 'texlive-featpost' 'texlive-featpost-doc' 'texlive-fei' 'texlive-fei-doc' 'texlive-fenixpar' 'texlive-fenixpar-doc' 'texlive-fetamont' 'texlive-fetamont-doc' 'texlive-fetamont-fonts' 'texlive-feupphdteses' 'texlive-feupphdteses-doc' 'texlive-feyn' 'texlive-feyn-doc' 'texlive-feynmf' 'texlive-feynmf-doc' 'texlive-feynmp-auto' 'texlive-feynmp-auto-doc' 'texlive-ffslides' 'texlive-ffslides-doc' 'texlive-fge' 'texlive-fge-doc' 'texlive-fge-fonts' 'texlive-fibeamer' 'texlive-fibeamer-doc' 'texlive-fifinddo-info' 'texlive-fifinddo-info-doc' 'texlive-fifo-stack' 'texlive-fifo-stack-doc' 'texlive-fig4latex' 'texlive-fig4latex-bin' 'texlive-fig4latex-doc' 'texlive-figbas' 'texlive-figbas-doc' 'texlive-figbas-fonts' 'texlive-figbib' 'texlive-figbib-doc' 'texlive-figflow' 'texlive-figflow-doc' 'texlive-figsize' 'texlive-figsize-doc' 'texlive-filecontents' 'texlive-filecontents-doc' 'texlive-filedate' 'texlive-filedate-doc' 'texlive-filehook' 'texlive-filehook-doc' 'texlive-fileinfo' 'texlive-fileinfo-doc' 'texlive-filemod' 'texlive-filemod-doc' 'texlive-filesystem' 'texlive-finbib' 'texlive-findhyph' 'texlive-findhyph-bin' 'texlive-findhyph-doc' 'texlive-fink' 'texlive-fink-doc' 'texlive-finstrut' 'texlive-finstrut-doc' 'texlive-fira' 'texlive-fira-doc' 'texlive-fira-fonts' 'texlive-first-latex-doc' 'texlive-fitbox' 'texlive-fitbox-doc' 'texlive-fithesis' 'texlive-fithesis-doc' 'texlive-fix2col' 'texlive-fix2col-doc' 'texlive-fixcmex' 'texlive-fixcmex-doc' 'texlive-fixfoot' 'texlive-fixfoot-doc' 'texlive-fixlatvian' 'texlive-fixlatvian-doc' 'texlive-fixltxhyph' 'texlive-fixltxhyph-doc' 'texlive-fixme' 'texlive-fixme-doc' 'texlive-fixmetodonotes' 'texlive-fixmetodonotes-doc' 'texlive-fixpdfmag' 'texlive-fjodor' 'texlive-fjodor-doc' 'texlive-flabels' 'texlive-flabels-doc' 'texlive-flacards' 'texlive-flacards-doc' 'texlive-flagderiv' 'texlive-flagderiv-doc' 'texlive-flashcards' 'texlive-flashcards-doc' 'texlive-flashmovie' 'texlive-flashmovie-doc' 'texlive-flipbook' 'texlive-flipbook-doc' 'texlive-flippdf' 'texlive-flippdf-doc' 'texlive-float' 'texlive-float-doc' 'texlive-floatrow' 'texlive-floatrow-doc' 'texlive-flowchart' 'texlive-flowchart-doc' 'texlive-flowfram' 'texlive-flowfram-doc' 'texlive-fltpoint' 'texlive-fltpoint-doc' 'texlive-fmp' 'texlive-fmp-doc' 'texlive-fmtcount' 'texlive-fmtcount-doc' 'texlive-fn2end' 'texlive-fn2end-doc' 'texlive-fnbreak' 'texlive-fnbreak-doc' 'texlive-fncychap' 'texlive-fncychap-doc' 'texlive-fncylab' 'texlive-fncylab-doc' 'texlive-fnpara' 'texlive-fnpara-doc' 'texlive-fnpct' 'texlive-fnpct-doc' 'texlive-fntproof' 'texlive-fntproof-doc' 'texlive-fnumprint' 'texlive-fnumprint-doc' 'texlive-foekfont' 'texlive-foekfont-doc' 'texlive-foekfont-fonts' 'texlive-foilhtml' 'texlive-foilhtml-doc' 'texlive-fonetika' 'texlive-fonetika-doc' 'texlive-fonetika-fonts' 'texlive-font-change' 'texlive-font-change-doc' 'texlive-font-change-xetex' 'texlive-font-change-xetex-doc' 'texlive-fontawesome' 'texlive-fontawesome-doc' 'texlive-fontawesome-fonts' 'texlive-fontaxes' 'texlive-fontaxes-doc' 'texlive-fontbook' 'texlive-fontbook-doc' 'texlive-fontch' 'texlive-fontch-doc' 'texlive-fontinst' 'texlive-fontinst-bin' 'texlive-fontinst-doc' 'texlive-fontmfizz' 'texlive-fontmfizz-doc' 'texlive-fontmfizz-fonts' 'texlive-fontname' 'texlive-fontname-doc' 'texlive-fontools' 'texlive-fontools-bin' 'texlive-fontools-doc' 'texlive-fonts-churchslavonic' 'texlive-fonts-churchslavonic-doc' 'texlive-fonts-churchslavonic-fonts' 'texlive-fonts-tlwg' 'texlive-fonts-tlwg-doc' 'texlive-fonts-tlwg-fonts' 'texlive-fontspec' 'texlive-fontspec-doc' 'texlive-fonttable' 'texlive-fonttable-doc' 'texlive-fontware' 'texlive-fontware-bin' 'texlive-fontwrap' 'texlive-fontwrap-doc' 'texlive-footbib' 'texlive-footbib-doc' 'texlive-footmisc' 'texlive-footmisc-doc' 'texlive-footnotebackref' 'texlive-footnotebackref-doc' 'texlive-footnotehyper' 'texlive-footnotehyper-doc' 'texlive-footnoterange' 'texlive-footnoterange-doc' 'texlive-footnpag' 'texlive-footnpag-doc' 'texlive-forarray' 'texlive-forarray-doc' 'texlive-foreign' 'texlive-foreign-doc' 'texlive-forest' 'texlive-forest-doc' 'texlive-forloop' 'texlive-forloop-doc' 'texlive-formation-latex-ul' 'texlive-formlett' 'texlive-formlett-doc' 'texlive-formular' 'texlive-formular-doc' 'texlive-fouridx' 'texlive-fouridx-doc' 'texlive-fourier' 'texlive-fourier-doc' 'texlive-fourier-fonts' 'texlive-fouriernc' 'texlive-fouriernc-doc' 'texlive-fp' 'texlive-fp-doc' 'texlive-fpl' 'texlive-fpl-doc' 'texlive-fpl-fonts' 'texlive-fragmaster' 'texlive-fragmaster-bin' 'texlive-fragmaster-doc' 'texlive-fragments' 'texlive-fragments-doc' 'texlive-frame' 'texlive-frame-doc' 'texlive-framed' 'texlive-framed-doc' 'texlive-francais-bst' 'texlive-francais-bst-doc' 'texlive-frankenstein' 'texlive-frankenstein-doc' 'texlive-frcursive' 'texlive-frcursive-doc' 'texlive-frcursive-fonts' 'texlive-frege' 'texlive-frege-doc' 'texlive-frletter' 'texlive-frletter-doc' 'texlive-frontespizio' 'texlive-frontespizio-doc' 'texlive-ftcap' 'texlive-ftcap-doc' 'texlive-ftnxtra' 'texlive-ftnxtra-doc' 'texlive-fullblck' 'texlive-fullblck-doc' 'texlive-fullminipage' 'texlive-fullminipage-doc' 'texlive-fullwidth' 'texlive-fullwidth-doc' 'texlive-functan' 'texlive-functan-doc' 'texlive-fundus-calligra' 'texlive-fundus-calligra-doc' 'texlive-fundus-cyr' 'texlive-fundus-sueterlin' 'texlive-fundus-sueterlin-doc' 'texlive-fwlw' 'texlive-fwlw-doc' 'texlive-g-brief' 'texlive-g-brief-doc' 'texlive-gaceta' 'texlive-gaceta-doc' 'texlive-galois' 'texlive-galois-doc' 'texlive-gamebook' 'texlive-gamebook-doc' 'texlive-garrigues' 'texlive-garrigues-doc' 'texlive-garuda-c90' 'texlive-gastex' 'texlive-gastex-doc' 'texlive-gatech-thesis' 'texlive-gatech-thesis-doc' 'texlive-gates' 'texlive-gates-doc' 'texlive-gauss' 'texlive-gauss-doc' 'texlive-gb4e' 'texlive-gb4e-doc' 'texlive-gcard' 'texlive-gcard-doc' 'texlive-gchords' 'texlive-gchords-doc' 'texlive-gcite' 'texlive-gcite-doc' 'texlive-gender' 'texlive-gender-doc' 'texlive-gene-logic' 'texlive-gene-logic-doc' 'texlive-genealogy' 'texlive-genealogy-doc' 'texlive-genealogytree' 'texlive-genealogytree-doc' 'texlive-genmisc' 'texlive-genmpage' 'texlive-genmpage-doc' 'texlive-gentium-tug' 'texlive-gentium-tug-doc' 'texlive-gentium-tug-fonts' 'texlive-gentle' 'texlive-geometry' 'texlive-geometry-de' 'texlive-geometry-doc' 'texlive-german' 'texlive-german-doc' 'texlive-germbib' 'texlive-germbib-doc' 'texlive-germkorr' 'texlive-germkorr-doc' 'texlive-geschichtsfrkl' 'texlive-geschichtsfrkl-doc' 'texlive-getfiledate' 'texlive-getfiledate-doc' 'texlive-getitems' 'texlive-getitems-doc' 'texlive-getmap' 'texlive-getmap-bin' 'texlive-getmap-doc' 'texlive-getoptk' 'texlive-getoptk-doc' 'texlive-gfnotation' 'texlive-gfnotation-doc' 'texlive-gfsartemisia' 'texlive-gfsartemisia-doc' 'texlive-gfsartemisia-fonts' 'texlive-gfsbaskerville' 'texlive-gfsbaskerville-doc' 'texlive-gfsbaskerville-fonts' 'texlive-gfsbodoni' 'texlive-gfsbodoni-doc' 'texlive-gfsbodoni-fonts' 'texlive-gfscomplutum' 'texlive-gfscomplutum-doc' 'texlive-gfscomplutum-fonts' 'texlive-gfsdidot' 'texlive-gfsdidot-doc' 'texlive-gfsdidot-fonts' 'texlive-gfsneohellenic' 'texlive-gfsneohellenic-doc' 'texlive-gfsneohellenic-fonts' 'texlive-gfsporson' 'texlive-gfsporson-doc' 'texlive-gfsporson-fonts' 'texlive-gfssolomos' 'texlive-gfssolomos-doc' 'texlive-gfssolomos-fonts' 'texlive-ghab' 'texlive-ghab-doc' 'texlive-ghsystem' 'texlive-ghsystem-doc' 'texlive-gillcm' 'texlive-gillcm-doc' 'texlive-gillius' 'texlive-gillius-doc' 'texlive-gillius-fonts' 'texlive-gincltex' 'texlive-gincltex-doc' 'texlive-ginpenc' 'texlive-ginpenc-doc' 'texlive-gitinfo' 'texlive-gitinfo-doc' 'texlive-gitinfo2' 'texlive-gitinfo2-doc' 'texlive-gitlog' 'texlive-gitlog-doc' 'texlive-gloss' 'texlive-gloss-doc' 'texlive-gloss-occitan' 'texlive-gloss-occitan-doc' 'texlive-glossaries' 'texlive-glossaries-bin' 'texlive-glossaries-danish' 'texlive-glossaries-danish-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-dutch' 'texlive-glossaries-dutch-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-english' 'texlive-glossaries-english-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-extra' 'texlive-glossaries-extra-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-french' 'texlive-glossaries-french-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-german' 'texlive-glossaries-german-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-irish' 'texlive-glossaries-irish-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-italian' 'texlive-glossaries-italian-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-magyar' 'texlive-glossaries-magyar-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-polish' 'texlive-glossaries-polish-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-portuges' 'texlive-glossaries-portuges-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-serbian' 'texlive-glossaries-serbian-doc' 'texlive-glossaries-spanish' 'texlive-glossaries-spanish-doc' 'texlive-glyphlist' 'texlive-gmdoc' 'texlive-gmdoc-doc' 'texlive-gmdoc-enhance' 'texlive-gmdoc-enhance-doc' 'texlive-gmiflink' 'texlive-gmiflink-doc' 'texlive-gmp' 'texlive-gmp-doc' 'texlive-gmutils' 'texlive-gmutils-doc' 'texlive-gmverb' 'texlive-gmverb-doc' 'texlive-gmverse' 'texlive-gmverse-doc' 'texlive-gnu-freefont' 'texlive-gnu-freefont-doc' 'texlive-gnu-freefont-fonts' 'texlive-gnuplottex' 'texlive-gnuplottex-doc' 'texlive-go' 'texlive-go-doc' 'texlive-gobble' 'texlive-gobble-doc' 'texlive-gost' 'texlive-gost-doc' 'texlive-gothic' 'texlive-gothic-doc' 'texlive-gradientframe' 'texlive-gradientframe-doc' 'texlive-gradstudentresume' 'texlive-gradstudentresume-doc' 'texlive-grafcet' 'texlive-grafcet-doc' 'texlive-graphbox' 'texlive-graphbox-doc' 'texlive-graphics' 'texlive-graphics-cfg' 'texlive-graphics-cfg-doc' 'texlive-graphics-doc' 'texlive-graphics-pln' 'texlive-graphics-pln-doc' 'texlive-graphicx-psmin' 'texlive-graphicx-psmin-doc' 'texlive-graphicxbox' 'texlive-graphicxbox-doc' 'texlive-graphviz' 'texlive-graphviz-doc' 'texlive-greek-fontenc' 'texlive-greek-fontenc-doc' 'texlive-greek-inputenc' 'texlive-greek-inputenc-doc' 'texlive-greekdates' 'texlive-greekdates-doc' 'texlive-greektex' 'texlive-greektex-doc' 'texlive-greektonoi' 'texlive-greektonoi-doc' 'texlive-greenpoint' 'texlive-greenpoint-doc' 'texlive-gregoriotex' 'texlive-gregoriotex-bin' 'texlive-gregoriotex-doc' 'texlive-gregoriotex-fonts' 'texlive-grfpaste' 'texlive-grfpaste-doc' 'texlive-grid' 'texlive-grid-doc' 'texlive-grid-system' 'texlive-grid-system-doc' 'texlive-gridset' 'texlive-gridset-doc' 'texlive-grotesq' 'texlive-grotesq-doc' 'texlive-grotesq-fonts' 'texlive-grundgesetze' 'texlive-grundgesetze-doc' 'texlive-gsemthesis' 'texlive-gsemthesis-doc' 'texlive-gsftopk' 'texlive-gsftopk-bin' 'texlive-gsftopk-doc' 'texlive-gtl' 'texlive-gtl-doc' 'texlive-gtrcrd' 'texlive-gtrcrd-doc' 'texlive-gu' 'texlive-gu-doc' 'texlive-guide-to-latex' 'texlive-guitar' 'texlive-guitar-doc' 'texlive-guitarchordschemes' 'texlive-guitarchordschemes-doc' 'texlive-guitlogo' 'texlive-guitlogo-doc' 'texlive-gustlib' 'texlive-gustlib-doc' 'texlive-gustprog' 'texlive-gzt' 'texlive-gzt-doc' 'texlive-h2020proposal' 'texlive-h2020proposal-doc' 'texlive-hacm' 'texlive-hacm-doc' 'texlive-hacm-fonts' 'texlive-handout' 'texlive-handout-doc' 'texlive-hands' 'texlive-hang' 'texlive-hang-doc' 'texlive-hanging' 'texlive-hanging-doc' 'texlive-hanoi' 'texlive-happy4th' 'texlive-har2nat' 'texlive-har2nat-doc' 'texlive-hardwrap' 'texlive-hardwrap-doc' 'texlive-harmony' 'texlive-harmony-doc' 'texlive-harnon-cv' 'texlive-harnon-cv-doc' 'texlive-harpoon' 'texlive-harpoon-doc' 'texlive-harvard' 'texlive-harvard-doc' 'texlive-harveyballs' 'texlive-harveyballs-doc' 'texlive-harvmac' 'texlive-harvmac-doc' 'texlive-hatching' 'texlive-hatching-doc' 'texlive-hausarbeit-jura' 'texlive-hausarbeit-jura-doc' 'texlive-havannah' 'texlive-havannah-doc' 'texlive-hc' 'texlive-hc-doc' 'texlive-he-she' 'texlive-he-she-doc' 'texlive-helvetic' 'texlive-helvetic-fonts' 'texlive-hep' 'texlive-hep-doc' 'texlive-hepnames' 'texlive-hepnames-doc' 'texlive-hepparticles' 'texlive-hepparticles-doc' 'texlive-hepthesis' 'texlive-hepthesis-doc' 'texlive-hepunits' 'texlive-hepunits-doc' 'texlive-here' 'texlive-here-doc' 'texlive-heuristica' 'texlive-heuristica-doc' 'texlive-heuristica-fonts' 'texlive-hexgame' 'texlive-hexgame-doc' 'texlive-hf-tikz' 'texlive-hf-tikz-doc' 'texlive-hfbright' 'texlive-hfbright-doc' 'texlive-hfbright-fonts' 'texlive-hfoldsty' 'texlive-hfoldsty-doc' 'texlive-hhtensor' 'texlive-hhtensor-doc' 'texlive-histogr' 'texlive-histogr-doc' 'texlive-historische-zeitschrift' 'texlive-historische-zeitschrift-doc' 'texlive-hitec' 'texlive-hitec-doc' 'texlive-hletter' 'texlive-hletter-doc' 'texlive-hobby' 'texlive-hobby-doc' 'texlive-hobete' 'texlive-hobete-doc' 'texlive-hook-pre-commit-pkg' 'texlive-horoscop' 'texlive-horoscop-doc' 'texlive-hpsdiss' 'texlive-hpsdiss-doc' 'texlive-hrefhide' 'texlive-hrefhide-doc' 'texlive-hrlatex' 'texlive-hrlatex-doc' 'texlive-hvfloat' 'texlive-hvfloat-doc' 'texlive-hvindex' 'texlive-hvindex-doc' 'texlive-hypdvips' 'texlive-hypdvips-doc' 'texlive-hyper' 'texlive-hyper-doc' 'texlive-hypernat' 'texlive-hypernat-doc' 'texlive-hyperref' 'texlive-hyperref-doc' 'texlive-hyperref-docsrc' 'texlive-hyperxmp' 'texlive-hyperxmp-doc' 'texlive-hyph-utf8' 'texlive-hyph-utf8-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-afrikaans' 'texlive-hyphen-ancientgreek' 'texlive-hyphen-arabic' 'texlive-hyphen-armenian' 'texlive-hyphen-base' 'texlive-hyphen-basque' 'texlive-hyphen-bulgarian' 'texlive-hyphen-bulgarian-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-catalan' 'texlive-hyphen-chinese' 'texlive-hyphen-churchslavonic' 'texlive-hyphen-coptic' 'texlive-hyphen-croatian' 'texlive-hyphen-czech' 'texlive-hyphen-danish' 'texlive-hyphen-dutch' 'texlive-hyphen-english' 'texlive-hyphen-esperanto' 'texlive-hyphen-estonian' 'texlive-hyphen-ethiopic' 'texlive-hyphen-farsi' 'texlive-hyphen-finnish' 'texlive-hyphen-french' 'texlive-hyphen-friulan' 'texlive-hyphen-galician' 'texlive-hyphen-georgian' 'texlive-hyphen-german' 'texlive-hyphen-greek' 'texlive-hyphen-greek-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-hungarian' 'texlive-hyphen-hungarian-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-icelandic' 'texlive-hyphen-indic' 'texlive-hyphen-indonesian' 'texlive-hyphen-interlingua' 'texlive-hyphen-irish' 'texlive-hyphen-italian' 'texlive-hyphen-kurmanji' 'texlive-hyphen-latin' 'texlive-hyphen-latvian' 'texlive-hyphen-lithuanian' 'texlive-hyphen-mongolian' 'texlive-hyphen-norwegian' 'texlive-hyphen-occitan' 'texlive-hyphen-piedmontese' 'texlive-hyphen-polish' 'texlive-hyphen-portuguese' 'texlive-hyphen-romanian' 'texlive-hyphen-romansh' 'texlive-hyphen-russian' 'texlive-hyphen-sanskrit' 'texlive-hyphen-sanskrit-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-serbian' 'texlive-hyphen-slovak' 'texlive-hyphen-slovenian' 'texlive-hyphen-spanish' 'texlive-hyphen-spanish-doc' 'texlive-hyphen-swedish' 'texlive-hyphen-thai' 'texlive-hyphen-turkish' 'texlive-hyphen-turkmen' 'texlive-hyphen-ukrainian' 'texlive-hyphen-uppersorbian' 'texlive-hyphen-welsh' 'texlive-hyphenat' 'texlive-hyphenat-doc' 'texlive-hyphenex' 'texlive-hyplain' 'texlive-hyplain-doc' 'texlive-ibycus-babel' 'texlive-ibycus-babel-doc' 'texlive-ibygrk' 'texlive-ibygrk-doc' 'texlive-ibygrk-fonts' 'texlive-icsv' 'texlive-icsv-doc' 'texlive-idxcmds' 'texlive-idxcmds-doc' 'texlive-idxlayout' 'texlive-idxlayout-doc' 'texlive-ieeepes' 'texlive-ieeepes-doc' 'texlive-ifetex' 'texlive-ifetex-doc' 'texlive-iffont' 'texlive-iffont-doc' 'texlive-ifluatex' 'texlive-ifluatex-doc' 'texlive-ifmslide' 'texlive-ifmslide-doc' 'texlive-ifmtarg' 'texlive-ifmtarg-doc' 'texlive-ifnextok' 'texlive-ifnextok-doc' 'texlive-ifoddpage' 'texlive-ifoddpage-doc' 'texlive-ifplatform' 'texlive-ifplatform-doc' 'texlive-ifsym' 'texlive-ifsym-doc' 'texlive-iftex' 'texlive-iftex-doc' 'texlive-ifthenx' 'texlive-ifthenx-doc' 'texlive-ifxetex' 'texlive-ifxetex-doc' 'texlive-iitem' 'texlive-iitem-doc' 'texlive-ijmart' 'texlive-ijmart-doc' 'texlive-ijqc' 'texlive-ijqc-doc' 'texlive-imac' 'texlive-imac-doc' 'texlive-image-gallery' 'texlive-image-gallery-doc' 'texlive-imakeidx' 'texlive-imakeidx-doc' 'texlive-imfellenglish' 'texlive-imfellenglish-doc' 'texlive-imfellenglish-fonts' 'texlive-impatient' 'texlive-impatient-cn' 'texlive-impatient-fr' 'texlive-impnattypo' 'texlive-impnattypo-doc' 'texlive-import' 'texlive-import-doc' 'texlive-imsproc' 'texlive-imsproc-doc' 'texlive-imtekda' 'texlive-imtekda-doc' 'texlive-incgraph' 'texlive-incgraph-doc' 'texlive-inconsolata' 'texlive-inconsolata-doc' 'texlive-inconsolata-fonts' 'texlive-index' 'texlive-index-doc' 'texlive-indextools' 'texlive-indextools-doc' 'texlive-initials' 'texlive-initials-doc' 'texlive-initials-fonts' 'texlive-inlinebib' 'texlive-inlinebib-doc' 'texlive-inlinedef' 'texlive-inlinedef-doc' 'texlive-inputtrc' 'texlive-inputtrc-doc' 'texlive-insbox' 'texlive-insbox-doc' 'texlive-interactiveworkbook' 'texlive-interactiveworkbook-doc' 'texlive-interchar' 'texlive-interchar-doc' 'texlive-interfaces' 'texlive-interfaces-doc' 'texlive-interpreter' 'texlive-interpreter-doc' 'texlive-interval' 'texlive-interval-doc' 'texlive-intro-scientific' 'texlive-inversepath' 'texlive-inversepath-doc' 'texlive-invoice' 'texlive-invoice-doc' 'texlive-ionumbers' 'texlive-ionumbers-doc' 'texlive-iopart-num' 'texlive-iopart-num-doc' 'texlive-ipaex' 'texlive-ipaex-doc' 'texlive-ipaex-fonts' 'texlive-ipaex-type1' 'texlive-ipaex-type1-doc' 'texlive-ipaex-type1-fonts' 'texlive-iso' 'texlive-iso-doc' 'texlive-iso10303' 'texlive-iso10303-doc' 'texlive-isodate' 'texlive-isodate-doc' 'texlive-isodoc' 'texlive-isodoc-doc' 'texlive-isomath' 'texlive-isomath-doc' 'texlive-isonums' 'texlive-isonums-doc' 'texlive-isorot' 'texlive-isorot-doc' 'texlive-isotope' 'texlive-isotope-doc' 'texlive-issuulinks' 'texlive-issuulinks-doc' 'texlive-itnumpar' 'texlive-itnumpar-doc' 'texlive-iwhdp' 'texlive-iwhdp-doc' 'texlive-iwona' 'texlive-iwona-doc' 'texlive-iwona-fonts' 'texlive-jablantile' 'texlive-jablantile-doc' 'texlive-jacow' 'texlive-jacow-doc' 'texlive-jadetex' 'texlive-jadetex-bin' 'texlive-jadetex-doc' 'texlive-jamtimes' 'texlive-jamtimes-doc' 'texlive-japanese' 'texlive-japanese-doc' 'texlive-japanese-otf' 'texlive-japanese-otf-doc' 'texlive-japanese-otf-uptex' 'texlive-japanese-otf-uptex-doc' 'texlive-jfontmaps' 'texlive-jfontmaps-bin' 'texlive-jfontmaps-doc' 'texlive-jknapltx' 'texlive-jknapltx-doc' 'texlive-jlabels' 'texlive-jlabels-doc' 'texlive-jmlr' 'texlive-jmlr-doc' 'texlive-jmn' 'texlive-jmn-fonts' 'texlive-jneurosci' 'texlive-jneurosci-doc' 'texlive-jpsj' 'texlive-jpsj-doc' 'texlive-js-misc' 'texlive-js-misc-doc' 'texlive-jsclasses' 'texlive-jsclasses-doc' 'texlive-jslectureplanner' 'texlive-jslectureplanner-doc' 'texlive-jumplines' 'texlive-jumplines-doc' 'texlive-junicode' 'texlive-junicode-doc' 'texlive-junicode-fonts' 'texlive-jura' 'texlive-jura-doc' 'texlive-juraabbrev' 'texlive-juraabbrev-doc' 'texlive-jurabib' 'texlive-jurabib-doc' 'texlive-juramisc' 'texlive-juramisc-doc' 'texlive-jurarsp' 'texlive-jurarsp-doc' 'texlive-jvlisting' 'texlive-jvlisting-doc' 'texlive-kantlipsum' 'texlive-kantlipsum-doc' 'texlive-karnaugh' 'texlive-karnaugh-doc' 'texlive-karnaughmap' 'texlive-karnaughmap-doc' 'texlive-kastrup' 'texlive-kastrup-doc' 'texlive-kdgdocs' 'texlive-kdgdocs-doc' 'texlive-kerkis' 'texlive-kerkis-doc' 'texlive-kerkis-fonts' 'texlive-kerntest' 'texlive-kerntest-doc' 'texlive-keycommand' 'texlive-keycommand-doc' 'texlive-keyreader' 'texlive-keyreader-doc' 'texlive-keystroke' 'texlive-keystroke-doc' 'texlive-keyval2e' 'texlive-keyval2e-doc' 'texlive-keyvaltable' 'texlive-keyvaltable-doc' 'texlive-kix' 'texlive-kix-doc' 'texlive-kixfont' 'texlive-kixfont-doc' 'texlive-kluwer' 'texlive-kluwer-doc' 'texlive-knitting' 'texlive-knitting-doc' 'texlive-knitting-fonts' 'texlive-knittingpattern' 'texlive-knittingpattern-doc' 'texlive-knuth' 'texlive-knuth-doc' 'texlive-knuth-lib' 'texlive-knuth-local' 'texlive-knuthotherfonts' 'texlive-koma-moderncvclassic' 'texlive-koma-moderncvclassic-doc' 'texlive-koma-script' 'texlive-koma-script-doc' 'texlive-koma-script-examples' 'texlive-koma-script-sfs' 'texlive-koma-script-sfs-doc' 'texlive-komacv' 'texlive-komacv-doc' 'texlive-kotex-oblivoir' 'texlive-kotex-oblivoir-doc' 'texlive-kotex-plain' 'texlive-kotex-plain-doc' 'texlive-kotex-utf' 'texlive-kotex-utf-doc' 'texlive-kotex-utils' 'texlive-kotex-utils-bin' 'texlive-kotex-utils-doc' 'texlive-kpathsea' 'texlive-kpathsea-bin' 'texlive-kpathsea-devel' 'texlive-kpathsea-doc' 'texlive-kpfonts' 'texlive-kpfonts-doc' 'texlive-kpfonts-fonts' 'texlive-ksfh_nat' 'texlive-ksp-thesis' 'texlive-ksp-thesis-doc' 'texlive-ktv-texdata' 'texlive-ktv-texdata-doc' 'texlive-kurier' 'texlive-kurier-doc' 'texlive-kurier-fonts' 'texlive-l2picfaq' 'texlive-l2tabu' 'texlive-l2tabu-english' 'texlive-l2tabu-french' 'texlive-l2tabu-italian' 'texlive-l2tabu-spanish' 'texlive-l3build' 'texlive-l3build-doc' 'texlive-l3experimental' 'texlive-l3experimental-doc' 'texlive-l3kernel' 'texlive-l3kernel-doc' 'texlive-l3packages' 'texlive-l3packages-doc' 'texlive-labbook' 'texlive-labbook-doc' 'texlive-labels' 'texlive-labels-doc' 'texlive-labyrinth' 'texlive-labyrinth-doc' 'texlive-lacheck' 'texlive-lacheck-bin' 'texlive-lambda' 'texlive-lambda-lists' 'texlive-lambda-lists-doc' 'texlive-langcode' 'texlive-langcode-doc' 'texlive-langsci' 'texlive-langsci-doc' 'texlive-lapdf' 'texlive-lapdf-doc' 'texlive-lastpackage' 'texlive-lastpackage-doc' 'texlive-lastpage' 'texlive-lastpage-doc' 'texlive-latex' 'texlive-latex-bib-ex' 'texlive-latex-bib2-ex' 'texlive-latex-bin' 'texlive-latex-bin-bin' 'texlive-latex-brochure' 'texlive-latex-course' 'texlive-latex-doc' 'texlive-latex-doc-ptr' 'texlive-latex-fonts' 'texlive-latex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-latex-git-log' 'texlive-latex-git-log-bin' 'texlive-latex-git-log-doc' 'texlive-latex-graphics-companion' 'texlive-latex-make' 'texlive-latex-make-doc' 'texlive-latex-notes-zh-cn' 'texlive-latex-referenz' 'texlive-latex-tabellen' 'texlive-latex-tds' 'texlive-latex-tds-doc' 'texlive-latex-veryshortguide' 'texlive-latex-web-companion' 'texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo' 'texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-fr' 'texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish' 'texlive-latex2man' 'texlive-latex2man-bin' 'texlive-latex2man-doc' 'texlive-latex4wp' 'texlive-latex4wp-it' 'texlive-latexcheat' 'texlive-latexcheat-de' 'texlive-latexcheat-esmx' 'texlive-latexcheat-ptbr' 'texlive-latexconfig' 'texlive-latexcourse-rug' 'texlive-latexdemo' 'texlive-latexdemo-doc' 'texlive-latexdiff' 'texlive-latexdiff-bin' 'texlive-latexdiff-doc' 'texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs' 'texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs-doc' 'texlive-latexfileversion' 'texlive-latexfileversion-bin' 'texlive-latexfileversion-doc' 'texlive-latexindent' 'texlive-latexindent-bin' 'texlive-latexindent-doc' 'texlive-latexmk' 'texlive-latexmk-bin' 'texlive-latexmk-doc' 'texlive-latexmp' 'texlive-latexmp-doc' 'texlive-latexpand' 'texlive-latexpand-bin' 'texlive-latexpand-doc' 'texlive-lato' 'texlive-lato-doc' 'texlive-lato-fonts' 'texlive-layaureo' 'texlive-layaureo-doc' 'texlive-layouts' 'texlive-layouts-doc' 'texlive-lazylist' 'texlive-lazylist-doc' 'texlive-lcd' 'texlive-lcd-doc' 'texlive-lcdftypetools' 'texlive-lcdftypetools-bin' 'texlive-lcg' 'texlive-lcg-doc' 'texlive-lcyw' 'texlive-lcyw-doc' 'texlive-leading' 'texlive-leading-doc' 'texlive-leadsheets' 'texlive-leadsheets-doc' 'texlive-leaflet' 'texlive-leaflet-doc' 'texlive-lecturer' 'texlive-lecturer-doc' 'texlive-ledmac' 'texlive-ledmac-doc' 'texlive-leftidx' 'texlive-leftidx-doc' 'texlive-leipzig' 'texlive-leipzig-doc' 'texlive-lengthconvert' 'texlive-lengthconvert-doc' 'texlive-lettre' 'texlive-lettre-doc' 'texlive-lettrine' 'texlive-lettrine-doc' 'texlive-levy' 'texlive-levy-doc' 'texlive-lewis' 'texlive-lewis-doc' 'texlive-lexikon' 'texlive-lexikon-doc' 'texlive-lexref' 'texlive-lexref-doc' 'texlive-lfb' 'texlive-lfb-doc' 'texlive-lgreek' 'texlive-lgreek-doc' 'texlive-lh' 'texlive-lh-doc' 'texlive-lhcyr' 'texlive-lhelp' 'texlive-lhelp-doc' 'texlive-libertine' 'texlive-libertine-doc' 'texlive-libertine-fonts' 'texlive-libertinegc' 'texlive-libertinegc-doc' 'texlive-libertinus' 'texlive-libertinus-doc' 'texlive-libertinus-fonts' 'texlive-libertinust1math' 'texlive-libertinust1math-doc' 'texlive-libertinust1math-fonts' 'texlive-libgreek' 'texlive-libgreek-doc' 'texlive-librarian' 'texlive-librarian-doc' 'texlive-librebaskerville' 'texlive-librebaskerville-doc' 'texlive-librebaskerville-fonts' 'texlive-librebodoni' 'texlive-librebodoni-doc' 'texlive-librebodoni-fonts' 'texlive-librecaslon' 'texlive-librecaslon-doc' 'texlive-librecaslon-fonts' 'texlive-libris' 'texlive-libris-doc' 'texlive-libris-fonts' 'texlive-lilyglyphs' 'texlive-lilyglyphs-bin' 'texlive-lilyglyphs-doc' 'texlive-lilyglyphs-fonts' 'texlive-limap' 'texlive-linearA' 'texlive-linearA-doc' 'texlive-linearA-fonts' 'texlive-linegoal' 'texlive-linegoal-doc' 'texlive-lineno' 'texlive-lineno-doc' 'texlive-linguex' 'texlive-linguex-doc' 'texlive-linop' 'texlive-linop-doc' 'texlive-lipsum' 'texlive-lipsum-doc' 'texlive-lisp-on-tex' 'texlive-lisp-on-tex-doc' 'texlive-listbib' 'texlive-listbib-bin' 'texlive-listbib-doc' 'texlive-listing' 'texlive-listing-doc' 'texlive-listings' 'texlive-listings-doc' 'texlive-listings-ext' 'texlive-listings-ext-bin' 'texlive-listings-ext-doc' 'texlive-listlbls' 'texlive-listlbls-doc' 'texlive-listliketab' 'texlive-listliketab-doc' 'texlive-listofsymbols' 'texlive-listofsymbols-doc' 'texlive-lithuanian' 'texlive-lithuanian-doc' 'texlive-liturg' 'texlive-liturg-doc' 'texlive-lkproof' 'texlive-lkproof-doc' 'texlive-lm' 'texlive-lm-doc' 'texlive-lm-math' 'texlive-lm-math-doc' 'texlive-lm-math-fonts' 'texlive-lmake' 'texlive-lmake-doc' 'texlive-lobster2' 'texlive-lobster2-doc' 'texlive-lobster2-fonts' 'texlive-locality' 'texlive-locality-doc' 'texlive-localloc' 'texlive-localloc-doc' 'texlive-logbox' 'texlive-logbox-doc' 'texlive-logical-markup-utils' 'texlive-logical-markup-utils-doc' 'texlive-logicproof' 'texlive-logicproof-doc' 'texlive-logicpuzzle' 'texlive-logicpuzzle-doc' 'texlive-logpap' 'texlive-logpap-doc' 'texlive-logreq' 'texlive-logreq-doc' 'texlive-lollipop' 'texlive-lollipop-bin' 'texlive-lollipop-doc' 'texlive-longfbox' 'texlive-longfbox-doc' 'texlive-longfigure' 'texlive-longfigure-doc' 'texlive-longnamefilelist' 'texlive-longnamefilelist-doc' 'texlive-loops' 'texlive-loops-doc' 'texlive-lpform' 'texlive-lpform-doc' 'texlive-lpic' 'texlive-lpic-doc' 'texlive-lplfitch' 'texlive-lplfitch-doc' 'texlive-lps' 'texlive-lps-doc' 'texlive-lroundrect' 'texlive-lroundrect-doc' 'texlive-lsc' 'texlive-lsc-doc' 'texlive-lshort-bulgarian' 'texlive-lshort-chinese' 'texlive-lshort-czech' 'texlive-lshort-dutch' 'texlive-lshort-english' 'texlive-lshort-estonian' 'texlive-lshort-finnish' 'texlive-lshort-french' 'texlive-lshort-german' 'texlive-lshort-italian' 'texlive-lshort-japanese' 'texlive-lshort-korean' 'texlive-lshort-mongol' 'texlive-lshort-persian' 'texlive-lshort-polish' 'texlive-lshort-portuguese' 'texlive-lshort-russian' 'texlive-lshort-slovak' 'texlive-lshort-slovenian' 'texlive-lshort-spanish' 'texlive-lshort-thai' 'texlive-lshort-turkish' 'texlive-lshort-ukr' 'texlive-lshort-vietnamese' 'texlive-lstaddons' 'texlive-lstaddons-doc' 'texlive-lstbayes' 'texlive-lstbayes-doc' 'texlive-lt3graph' 'texlive-lt3graph-doc' 'texlive-ltablex' 'texlive-ltablex-doc' 'texlive-ltabptch' 'texlive-ltabptch-doc' 'texlive-ltxdockit' 'texlive-ltxdockit-doc' 'texlive-ltxfileinfo' 'texlive-ltxfileinfo-bin' 'texlive-ltxfileinfo-doc' 'texlive-ltximg' 'texlive-ltximg-bin' 'texlive-ltximg-doc' 'texlive-ltxindex' 'texlive-ltxindex-doc' 'texlive-ltxkeys' 'texlive-ltxkeys-doc' 'texlive-ltxmisc' 'texlive-ltxnew' 'texlive-ltxnew-doc' 'texlive-ltxtools' 'texlive-ltxtools-doc' 'texlive-lua-alt-getopt' 'texlive-lua-alt-getopt-doc' 'texlive-lua-check-hyphen' 'texlive-lua-check-hyphen-doc' 'texlive-lua-visual-debug' 'texlive-lua-visual-debug-doc' 'texlive-lua2dox' 'texlive-lua2dox-bin' 'texlive-lua2dox-doc' 'texlive-luabibentry' 'texlive-luabibentry-doc' 'texlive-luabidi' 'texlive-luabidi-doc' 'texlive-luacode' 'texlive-luacode-doc' 'texlive-luaindex' 'texlive-luaindex-doc' 'texlive-luainputenc' 'texlive-luainputenc-doc' 'texlive-luaintro' 'texlive-lualatex-doc' 'texlive-lualatex-doc-de' 'texlive-lualatex-math' 'texlive-lualatex-math-doc' 'texlive-lualibs' 'texlive-lualibs-doc' 'texlive-luamplib' 'texlive-luamplib-doc' 'texlive-luaotfload' 'texlive-luaotfload-bin' 'texlive-luaotfload-doc' 'texlive-luasseq' 'texlive-luasseq-doc' 'texlive-luatex' 'texlive-luatex-bin' 'texlive-luatex-def' 'texlive-luatex-def-doc' 'texlive-luatex-doc' 'texlive-luatex85' 'texlive-luatex85-doc' 'texlive-luatexbase' 'texlive-luatexbase-doc' 'texlive-luatexja' 'texlive-luatexja-doc' 'texlive-luatexko' 'texlive-luatexko-doc' 'texlive-luatextra' 'texlive-luatextra-doc' 'texlive-luatodonotes' 'texlive-luatodonotes-doc' 'texlive-luaxml' 'texlive-luaxml-doc' 'texlive-lxfonts' 'texlive-lxfonts-doc' 'texlive-lxfonts-fonts' 'texlive-ly1' 'texlive-ly1-doc' 'texlive-m-tx' 'texlive-m-tx-bin' 'texlive-m-tx-doc' 'texlive-macros2e' 'texlive-macroswap' 'texlive-macroswap-doc' 'texlive-mafr' 'texlive-mafr-doc' 'texlive-magaz' 'texlive-magaz-doc' 'texlive-mailing' 'texlive-mailing-doc' 'texlive-mailmerge' 'texlive-mailmerge-doc' 'texlive-make4ht' 'texlive-make4ht-bin' 'texlive-make4ht-doc' 'texlive-makebarcode' 'texlive-makebarcode-doc' 'texlive-makebase' 'texlive-makebase-doc' 'texlive-makebox' 'texlive-makebox-doc' 'texlive-makecell' 'texlive-makecell-doc' 'texlive-makecirc' 'texlive-makecirc-doc' 'texlive-makecmds' 'texlive-makecmds-doc' 'texlive-makedtx' 'texlive-makedtx-bin' 'texlive-makedtx-doc' 'texlive-makeglos' 'texlive-makeglos-doc' 'texlive-makeindex' 'texlive-makeindex-bin' 'texlive-makeindex-doc' 'texlive-makeplot' 'texlive-makeplot-doc' 'texlive-makeshape' 'texlive-makeshape-doc' 'texlive-mandi' 'texlive-mandi-doc' 'texlive-manfnt' 'texlive-manfnt-font' 'texlive-manfnt-font-fonts' 'texlive-manuscript' 'texlive-manuscript-doc' 'texlive-margbib' 'texlive-margbib-doc' 'texlive-marginfix' 'texlive-marginfix-doc' 'texlive-marginnote' 'texlive-marginnote-doc' 'texlive-marvosym' 'texlive-marvosym-doc' 'texlive-marvosym-fonts' 'texlive-matc3' 'texlive-matc3-doc' 'texlive-matc3mem' 'texlive-matc3mem-doc' 'texlive-match_parens' 'texlive-match_parens-bin' 'texlive-match_parens-doc' 'texlive-math-e' 'texlive-mathabx' 'texlive-mathabx-doc' 'texlive-mathabx-type1' 'texlive-mathabx-type1-doc' 'texlive-mathabx-type1-fonts' 'texlive-mathalfa' 'texlive-mathalfa-doc' 'texlive-mathastext' 'texlive-mathastext-doc' 'texlive-mathcomp' 'texlive-mathcomp-doc' 'texlive-mathdesign' 'texlive-mathdesign-doc' 'texlive-mathdesign-fonts' 'texlive-mathdots' 'texlive-mathdots-doc' 'texlive-mathexam' 'texlive-mathexam-doc' 'texlive-mathpartir' 'texlive-mathpartir-doc' 'texlive-mathpazo' 'texlive-mathpazo-doc' 'texlive-mathpazo-fonts' 'texlive-maths-symbols' 'texlive-mathspec' 'texlive-mathspec-doc' 'texlive-mathspic' 'texlive-mathspic-bin' 'texlive-mathspic-doc' 'texlive-mathtools' 'texlive-mathtools-doc' 'texlive-matlab-prettifier' 'texlive-matlab-prettifier-doc' 'texlive-mattens' 'texlive-mattens-doc' 'texlive-maybemath' 'texlive-maybemath-doc' 'texlive-mbenotes' 'texlive-mbenotes-doc' 'texlive-mcaption' 'texlive-mcaption-doc' 'texlive-mceinleger' 'texlive-mceinleger-doc' 'texlive-mcf2graph' 'texlive-mcf2graph-doc' 'texlive-mcite' 'texlive-mcite-doc' 'texlive-mciteplus' 'texlive-mciteplus-doc' 'texlive-mcmthesis' 'texlive-mcmthesis-doc' 'texlive-mdframed' 'texlive-mdframed-doc' 'texlive-mdputu' 'texlive-mdputu-doc' 'texlive-mdsymbol' 'texlive-mdsymbol-doc' 'texlive-mdsymbol-fonts' 'texlive-mdwtools' 'texlive-mdwtools-doc' 'texlive-media9' 'texlive-media9-doc' 'texlive-medstarbeamer' 'texlive-medstarbeamer-doc' 'texlive-meetingmins' 'texlive-meetingmins-doc' 'texlive-memdesign' 'texlive-memexsupp' 'texlive-memexsupp-doc' 'texlive-memoir' 'texlive-memoir-doc' 'texlive-memory' 'texlive-memory-doc' 'texlive-mentis' 'texlive-mentis-doc' 'texlive-menu' 'texlive-menu-doc' 'texlive-menukeys' 'texlive-menukeys-doc' 'texlive-merriweather' 'texlive-merriweather-doc' 'texlive-merriweather-fonts' 'texlive-metafont' 'texlive-metafont-beginners' 'texlive-metafont-bin' 'texlive-metafont-doc' 'texlive-metago' 'texlive-metago-doc' 'texlive-metalogo' 'texlive-metalogo-doc' 'texlive-metaobj' 'texlive-metaobj-doc' 'texlive-metaplot' 'texlive-metaplot-doc' 'texlive-metapost' 'texlive-metapost-bin' 'texlive-metapost-doc' 'texlive-metapost-examples' 'texlive-metapost-fonts' 'texlive-metatex' 'texlive-metatex-doc' 'texlive-metatype1' 'texlive-metauml' 'texlive-metauml-doc' 'texlive-method' 'texlive-method-doc' 'texlive-metre' 'texlive-metre-doc' 'texlive-metrix' 'texlive-metrix-doc' 'texlive-mex' 'texlive-mex-bin' 'texlive-mex-doc' 'texlive-mf2pt1' 'texlive-mf2pt1-bin' 'texlive-mf2pt1-doc' 'texlive-mfirstuc' 'texlive-mfirstuc-doc' 'texlive-mflogo' 'texlive-mflogo-doc' 'texlive-mflogo-font' 'texlive-mflogo-font-doc' 'texlive-mflogo-font-fonts' 'texlive-mflua' 'texlive-mflua-bin' 'texlive-mfnfss' 'texlive-mfnfss-doc' 'texlive-mfpic' 'texlive-mfpic-doc' 'texlive-mfpic4ode' 'texlive-mfpic4ode-doc' 'texlive-mftinc' 'texlive-mftinc-doc' 'texlive-mfware' 'texlive-mfware-bin' 'texlive-mfware-doc' 'texlive-mhchem' 'texlive-mhchem-doc' 'texlive-mhequ' 'texlive-mhequ-doc' 'texlive-miama' 'texlive-miama-doc' 'texlive-miama-fonts' 'texlive-microtype' 'texlive-microtype-de' 'texlive-microtype-doc' 'texlive-midnight' 'texlive-midnight-doc' 'texlive-midpage' 'texlive-midpage-doc' 'texlive-mil3' 'texlive-miller' 'texlive-miller-doc' 'texlive-minibox' 'texlive-minibox-doc' 'texlive-minifp' 'texlive-minifp-doc' 'texlive-minipage-marginpar' 'texlive-minipage-marginpar-doc' 'texlive-miniplot' 'texlive-miniplot-doc' 'texlive-minitoc' 'texlive-minitoc-doc' 'texlive-minorrevision' 'texlive-minorrevision-doc' 'texlive-minted' 'texlive-minted-doc' 'texlive-mintspirit' 'texlive-mintspirit-doc' 'texlive-mintspirit-fonts' 'texlive-minutes' 'texlive-minutes-doc' 'texlive-mkgrkindex' 'texlive-mkgrkindex-bin' 'texlive-mkgrkindex-doc' 'texlive-mkjobtexmf' 'texlive-mkjobtexmf-bin' 'texlive-mkjobtexmf-doc' 'texlive-mkpattern' 'texlive-mkpattern-doc' 'texlive-mkpic' 'texlive-mkpic-bin' 'texlive-mkpic-doc' 'texlive-mla-paper' 'texlive-mla-paper-doc' 'texlive-mlist' 'texlive-mlist-doc' 'texlive-mltex' 'texlive-mltex-bin' 'texlive-mltex-doc' 'texlive-mmap' 'texlive-mmap-doc' 'texlive-mnotes' 'texlive-mnotes-doc' 'texlive-mnras' 'texlive-mnras-doc' 'texlive-mnsymbol' 'texlive-mnsymbol-doc' 'texlive-mnsymbol-fonts' 'texlive-moderncv' 'texlive-moderncv-doc' 'texlive-moderntimeline' 'texlive-moderntimeline-doc' 'texlive-modiagram' 'texlive-modiagram-doc' 'texlive-modref' 'texlive-modref-doc' 'texlive-modroman' 'texlive-modroman-doc' 'texlive-mongolian-babel' 'texlive-mongolian-babel-doc' 'texlive-monofill' 'texlive-monofill-doc' 'texlive-montex' 'texlive-montex-doc' 'texlive-montex-fonts' 'texlive-moodle' 'texlive-moodle-doc' 'texlive-moreenum' 'texlive-moreenum-doc' 'texlive-morefloats' 'texlive-morefloats-doc' 'texlive-morehype' 'texlive-morehype-doc' 'texlive-moresize' 'texlive-moresize-doc' 'texlive-moreverb' 'texlive-moreverb-doc' 'texlive-morewrites' 'texlive-morewrites-doc' 'texlive-movie15' 'texlive-movie15-doc' 'texlive-mp3d' 'texlive-mp3d-doc' 'texlive-mparhack' 'texlive-mparhack-doc' 'texlive-mparrows' 'texlive-mparrows-doc' 'texlive-mpattern' 'texlive-mpattern-doc' 'texlive-mpcolornames' 'texlive-mpcolornames-doc' 'texlive-mpgraphics' 'texlive-mpgraphics-doc' 'texlive-mpman-ru' 'texlive-mptopdf' 'texlive-mptopdf-bin' 'texlive-mptopdf-doc' 'texlive-ms' 'texlive-ms-doc' 'texlive-msc' 'texlive-msc-doc' 'texlive-msg' 'texlive-msg-doc' 'texlive-mslapa' 'texlive-mslapa-doc' 'texlive-msu-thesis' 'texlive-msu-thesis-doc' 'texlive-mtgreek' 'texlive-mtgreek-doc' 'texlive-mugsthesis' 'texlive-mugsthesis-doc' 'texlive-multenum' 'texlive-multenum-doc' 'texlive-multiaudience' 'texlive-multiaudience-doc' 'texlive-multibbl' 'texlive-multibbl-doc' 'texlive-multibib' 'texlive-multibib-doc' 'texlive-multibibliography' 'texlive-multibibliography-bin' 'texlive-multibibliography-doc' 'texlive-multicap' 'texlive-multicap-doc' 'texlive-multidef' 'texlive-multidef-doc' 'texlive-multido' 'texlive-multido-doc' 'texlive-multienv' 'texlive-multienv-doc' 'texlive-multiexpand' 'texlive-multiexpand-doc' 'texlive-multiobjective' 'texlive-multiobjective-doc' 'texlive-multirow' 'texlive-multirow-doc' 'texlive-munich' 'texlive-munich-doc' 'texlive-musixguit' 'texlive-musixguit-doc' 'texlive-musixtex' 'texlive-musixtex-bin' 'texlive-musixtex-doc' 'texlive-musixtex-fonts' 'texlive-musixtex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-musixtex-fonts-fonts' 'texlive-musixtnt' 'texlive-musixtnt-bin' 'texlive-musixtnt-doc' 'texlive-musuos' 'texlive-musuos-doc' 'texlive-muthesis' 'texlive-muthesis-doc' 'texlive-mversion' 'texlive-mversion-doc' 'texlive-mwcls' 'texlive-mwcls-doc' 'texlive-mwe' 'texlive-mwe-doc' 'texlive-mweights' 'texlive-mweights-doc' 'texlive-mxedruli' 'texlive-mxedruli-doc' 'texlive-mxedruli-fonts' 'texlive-mychemistry' 'texlive-mychemistry-doc' 'texlive-mycv' 'texlive-mycv-doc' 'texlive-mylatexformat' 'texlive-mylatexformat-doc' 'texlive-mynsfc' 'texlive-mynsfc-doc' 'texlive-nag' 'texlive-nag-doc' 'texlive-nameauth' 'texlive-nameauth-doc' 'texlive-namespc' 'texlive-namespc-doc' 'texlive-nanumtype1' 'texlive-nanumtype1-doc' 'texlive-nanumtype1-fonts' 'texlive-nar' 'texlive-natbib' 'texlive-natbib-doc' 'texlive-natded' 'texlive-natded-doc' 'texlive-nath' 'texlive-nath-doc' 'texlive-nature' 'texlive-nature-doc' 'texlive-navigator' 'texlive-navigator-doc' 'texlive-ncclatex' 'texlive-ncclatex-doc' 'texlive-ncctools' 'texlive-ncctools-doc' 'texlive-ncntrsbk' 'texlive-ncntrsbk-fonts' 'texlive-nddiss' 'texlive-nddiss-doc' 'texlive-ndsu-thesis' 'texlive-ndsu-thesis-doc' 'texlive-needspace' 'texlive-needspace-doc' 'texlive-nestquot' 'texlive-neuralnetwork' 'texlive-neuralnetwork-doc' 'texlive-nevelok' 'texlive-nevelok-doc' 'texlive-newcommand' 'texlive-newenviron' 'texlive-newenviron-doc' 'texlive-newfile' 'texlive-newfile-doc' 'texlive-newlfm' 'texlive-newlfm-doc' 'texlive-newpx' 'texlive-newpx-doc' 'texlive-newpx-fonts' 'texlive-newsletr' 'texlive-newsletr-doc' 'texlive-newspaper' 'texlive-newspaper-doc' 'texlive-newtx' 'texlive-newtx-doc' 'texlive-newtx-fonts' 'texlive-newtxsf' 'texlive-newtxsf-doc' 'texlive-newtxsf-fonts' 'texlive-newtxtt' 'texlive-newtxtt-doc' 'texlive-newtxtt-fonts' 'texlive-newunicodechar' 'texlive-newunicodechar-doc' 'texlive-newvbtm' 'texlive-newvbtm-doc' 'texlive-newverbs' 'texlive-newverbs-doc' 'texlive-nextpage' 'texlive-nfssext-cfr' 'texlive-nfssext-cfr-doc' 'texlive-nicefilelist' 'texlive-nicefilelist-doc' 'texlive-niceframe' 'texlive-niceframe-doc' 'texlive-nicetext' 'texlive-nicetext-doc' 'texlive-nih' 'texlive-nih-doc' 'texlive-nihbiosketch' 'texlive-nihbiosketch-doc' 'texlive-nimbus15' 'texlive-nimbus15-doc' 'texlive-nimbus15-fonts' 'texlive-nkarta' 'texlive-nkarta-doc' 'texlive-nlctdoc' 'texlive-nlctdoc-doc' 'texlive-nmbib' 'texlive-nmbib-doc' 'texlive-noconflict' 'texlive-noconflict-doc' 'texlive-noindentafter' 'texlive-noindentafter-doc' 'texlive-noitcrul' 'texlive-noitcrul-doc' 'texlive-nolbreaks' 'texlive-nolbreaks-doc' 'texlive-nomencl' 'texlive-nomencl-doc' 'texlive-nomentbl' 'texlive-nomentbl-doc' 'texlive-nonfloat' 'texlive-nonfloat-doc' 'texlive-nonumonpart' 'texlive-nonumonpart-doc' 'texlive-nopageno' 'texlive-nopageno-doc' 'texlive-norasi-c90' 'texlive-normalcolor' 'texlive-normalcolor-doc' 'texlive-nostarch' 'texlive-nostarch-doc' 'texlive-notes' 'texlive-notes-doc' 'texlive-notes2bib' 'texlive-notes2bib-doc' 'texlive-noto' 'texlive-noto-doc' 'texlive-noto-fonts' 'texlive-notoccite' 'texlive-notoccite-doc' 'texlive-nowidow' 'texlive-nowidow-doc' 'texlive-nox' 'texlive-nox-doc' 'texlive-nrc' 'texlive-nrc-doc' 'texlive-ntgclass' 'texlive-ntgclass-doc' 'texlive-ntheorem' 'texlive-ntheorem-doc' 'texlive-ntheorem-vn' 'texlive-nuc' 'texlive-nuc-doc' 'texlive-nucleardata' 'texlive-nucleardata-doc' 'texlive-numberedblock' 'texlive-numberedblock-doc' 'texlive-numericplots' 'texlive-numericplots-doc' 'texlive-numname' 'texlive-numname-doc' 'texlive-numprint' 'texlive-numprint-doc' 'texlive-nwejm' 'texlive-nwejm-doc' 'texlive-oberdiek' 'texlive-oberdiek-doc' 'texlive-objectz' 'texlive-objectz-doc' 'texlive-obnov' 'texlive-obnov-doc' 'texlive-ocg-p' 'texlive-ocg-p-doc' 'texlive-ocgx' 'texlive-ocgx-doc' 'texlive-ocgx2' 'texlive-ocgx2-doc' 'texlive-ocherokee' 'texlive-ocherokee-doc' 'texlive-ocherokee-fonts' 'texlive-ocr-b' 'texlive-ocr-b-doc' 'texlive-ocr-b-outline' 'texlive-ocr-b-outline-doc' 'texlive-ocr-b-outline-fonts' 'texlive-ocr-latex' 'texlive-ocr-latex-doc' 'texlive-octavo' 'texlive-octavo-doc' 'texlive-odsfile' 'texlive-odsfile-doc' 'texlive-ofs' 'texlive-ofs-doc' 'texlive-ogham' 'texlive-ogham-doc' 'texlive-oinuit' 'texlive-oinuit-doc' 'texlive-oinuit-fonts' 'texlive-old-arrows' 'texlive-old-arrows-doc' 'texlive-old-arrows-fonts' 'texlive-oldlatin' 'texlive-oldlatin-doc' 'texlive-oldstandard' 'texlive-oldstandard-doc' 'texlive-oldstandard-fonts' 'texlive-oldstyle' 'texlive-oldstyle-doc' 'texlive-omega' 'texlive-omega-doc' 'texlive-omega-fonts' 'texlive-omegaware' 'texlive-omegaware-bin' 'texlive-onlyamsmath' 'texlive-onlyamsmath-doc' 'texlive-onrannual' 'texlive-onrannual-doc' 'texlive-opcit' 'texlive-opcit-doc' 'texlive-opensans' 'texlive-opensans-doc' 'texlive-opensans-fonts' 'texlive-opteng' 'texlive-opteng-doc' 'texlive-optional' 'texlive-optional-doc' 'texlive-options' 'texlive-options-doc' 'texlive-ordinalpt' 'texlive-ordinalpt-doc' 'texlive-orkhun' 'texlive-orkhun-doc' 'texlive-oscola' 'texlive-oscola-doc' 'texlive-ot-tableau' 'texlive-ot-tableau-doc' 'texlive-othello' 'texlive-othello-doc' 'texlive-othelloboard' 'texlive-othelloboard-doc' 'texlive-otibet' 'texlive-otibet-doc' 'texlive-oubraces' 'texlive-oubraces-doc' 'texlive-outline' 'texlive-outline-doc' 'texlive-outliner' 'texlive-outliner-doc' 'texlive-outlines' 'texlive-outlines-doc' 'texlive-overlock' 'texlive-overlock-doc' 'texlive-overlock-fonts' 'texlive-overpic' 'texlive-overpic-doc' 'texlive-pacioli' 'texlive-pacioli-doc' 'texlive-pagecolor' 'texlive-pagecolor-doc' 'texlive-pagecont' 'texlive-pagecont-doc' 'texlive-pagenote' 'texlive-pagenote-doc' 'texlive-pagerange' 'texlive-pagerange-doc' 'texlive-pageslts' 'texlive-pageslts-doc' 'texlive-palatino' 'texlive-palatino-fonts' 'texlive-paper' 'texlive-paper-doc' 'texlive-papercdcase' 'texlive-papercdcase-doc' 'texlive-papermas' 'texlive-papermas-doc' 'texlive-papertex' 'texlive-papertex-doc' 'texlive-paracol' 'texlive-paracol-doc' 'texlive-parades' 'texlive-parades-doc' 'texlive-paralist' 'texlive-paralist-doc' 'texlive-parallel' 'texlive-parallel-doc' 'texlive-paratype' 'texlive-paratype-doc' 'texlive-paratype-fonts' 'texlive-paresse' 'texlive-paresse-doc' 'texlive-parnotes' 'texlive-parnotes-doc' 'texlive-parrun' 'texlive-parrun-doc' 'texlive-parselines' 'texlive-parselines-doc' 'texlive-parskip' 'texlive-parskip-doc' 'texlive-pas-cours' 'texlive-pas-cours-doc' 'texlive-pas-crosswords' 'texlive-pas-crosswords-doc' 'texlive-pas-cv' 'texlive-pas-cv-doc' 'texlive-pas-tableur' 'texlive-pas-tableur-doc' 'texlive-passivetex' 'texlive-patch' 'texlive-patchcmd' 'texlive-patchcmd-doc' 'texlive-patgen' 'texlive-patgen-bin' 'texlive-patgen2-tutorial' 'texlive-path' 'texlive-path-doc' 'texlive-pauldoc' 'texlive-pauldoc-doc' 'texlive-pawpict' 'texlive-pawpict-doc' 'texlive-pax' 'texlive-pax-bin' 'texlive-pax-doc' 'texlive-pb-diagram' 'texlive-pb-diagram-doc' 'texlive-pbibtex-base' 'texlive-pbibtex-base-doc' 'texlive-pbox' 'texlive-pbox-doc' 'texlive-pbsheet' 'texlive-pbsheet-doc' 'texlive-pdf-trans' 'texlive-pdf-trans-doc' 'texlive-pdf14' 'texlive-pdf14-doc' 'texlive-pdfbook2' 'texlive-pdfbook2-bin' 'texlive-pdfbook2-doc' 'texlive-pdfcomment' 'texlive-pdfcomment-doc' 'texlive-pdfcprot' 'texlive-pdfcprot-doc' 'texlive-pdfcrop' 'texlive-pdfcrop-bin' 'texlive-pdfcrop-doc' 'texlive-pdfjam' 'texlive-pdfjam-bin' 'texlive-pdfjam-doc' 'texlive-pdfmarginpar' 'texlive-pdfmarginpar-doc' 'texlive-pdfpagediff' 'texlive-pdfpagediff-doc' 'texlive-pdfpages' 'texlive-pdfpages-doc' 'texlive-pdfscreen' 'texlive-pdfscreen-doc' 'texlive-pdfslide' 'texlive-pdfslide-doc' 'texlive-pdfsync' 'texlive-pdfsync-doc' 'texlive-pdftex' 'texlive-pdftex-bin' 'texlive-pdftex-def' 'texlive-pdftex-doc' 'texlive-pdftex-fonts' 'texlive-pdftools' 'texlive-pdftools-bin' 'texlive-pdftools-doc' 'texlive-pdftricks' 'texlive-pdftricks-doc' 'texlive-pdftricks2' 'texlive-pdftricks2-doc' 'texlive-pdfwin' 'texlive-pdfwin-doc' 'texlive-pdfx' 'texlive-pdfx-doc' 'texlive-pdfxup' 'texlive-pdfxup-bin' 'texlive-pdfxup-doc' 'texlive-pecha' 'texlive-pecha-doc' 'texlive-pedigree-perl' 'texlive-pedigree-perl-bin' 'texlive-pedigree-perl-doc' 'texlive-perception' 'texlive-perception-doc' 'texlive-perfectcut' 'texlive-perfectcut-doc' 'texlive-perltex' 'texlive-perltex-bin' 'texlive-perltex-doc' 'texlive-permute' 'texlive-permute-doc' 'texlive-persian-bib' 'texlive-persian-bib-doc' 'texlive-petiteannonce' 'texlive-petiteannonce-doc' 'texlive-petri-nets' 'texlive-petri-nets-bin' 'texlive-petri-nets-doc' 'texlive-pfarrei' 'texlive-pfarrei-bin' 'texlive-pfarrei-doc' 'texlive-pgf' 'texlive-pgf-blur' 'texlive-pgf-blur-doc' 'texlive-pgf-doc' 'texlive-pgf-soroban' 'texlive-pgf-soroban-doc' 'texlive-pgf-spectra' 'texlive-pgf-spectra-doc' 'texlive-pgf-umlcd' 'texlive-pgf-umlcd-doc' 'texlive-pgf-umlsd' 'texlive-pgf-umlsd-doc' 'texlive-pgfgantt' 'texlive-pgfgantt-doc' 'texlive-pgfkeyx' 'texlive-pgfkeyx-doc' 'texlive-pgfmolbio' 'texlive-pgfmolbio-doc' 'texlive-pgfopts' 'texlive-pgfopts-doc' 'texlive-pgfornament' 'texlive-pgfornament-doc' 'texlive-pgfplots' 'texlive-pgfplots-doc' 'texlive-phaistos' 'texlive-phaistos-doc' 'texlive-phaistos-fonts' 'texlive-philex' 'texlive-philex-doc' 'texlive-philokalia' 'texlive-philokalia-doc' 'texlive-philokalia-fonts' 'texlive-philosophersimprint' 'texlive-philosophersimprint-doc' 'texlive-phonetic' 'texlive-phonetic-doc' 'texlive-phonrule' 'texlive-phonrule-doc' 'texlive-photo' 'texlive-photo-doc' 'texlive-physics' 'texlive-physics-doc' 'texlive-piano' 'texlive-piano-doc' 'texlive-picinpar' 'texlive-picinpar-doc' 'texlive-pict2e' 'texlive-pict2e-doc' 'texlive-pictex' 'texlive-pictex-doc' 'texlive-pictex2' 'texlive-pictexsum' 'texlive-piechartmp' 'texlive-piechartmp-doc' 'texlive-piff' 'texlive-piff-doc' 'texlive-pigpen' 'texlive-pigpen-doc' 'texlive-pigpen-fonts' 'texlive-pinlabel' 'texlive-pinlabel-doc' 'texlive-pitex' 'texlive-pitex-doc' 'texlive-pittetd' 'texlive-pittetd-doc' 'texlive-pkfix' 'texlive-pkfix-bin' 'texlive-pkfix-doc' 'texlive-pkfix-helper' 'texlive-pkfix-helper-bin' 'texlive-pkfix-helper-doc' 'texlive-pkgloader' 'texlive-pkgloader-doc' 'texlive-pkuthss' 'texlive-pkuthss-doc' 'texlive-pl' 'texlive-pl-doc' 'texlive-pl-fonts' 'texlive-placeat' 'texlive-placeat-doc' 'texlive-placeins' 'texlive-placeins-doc' 'texlive-placeins-plain' 'texlive-plain' 'texlive-plain-doc' 'texlive-plainpkg' 'texlive-plainpkg-doc' 'texlive-plantslabels' 'texlive-plantslabels-doc' 'texlive-plari' 'texlive-plari-doc' 'texlive-plates' 'texlive-plates-doc' 'texlive-platex' 'texlive-platex-bin' 'texlive-platex-doc' 'texlive-play' 'texlive-play-doc' 'texlive-playfair' 'texlive-playfair-doc' 'texlive-playfair-fonts' 'texlive-plipsum' 'texlive-plipsum-doc' 'texlive-plnfss' 'texlive-plnfss-doc' 'texlive-plstmary' 'texlive-plstmary-doc' 'texlive-plweb' 'texlive-plweb-doc' 'texlive-pmgraph' 'texlive-pmgraph-doc' 'texlive-pmx' 'texlive-pmx-bin' 'texlive-pmx-doc' 'texlive-pmxchords' 'texlive-pmxchords-bin' 'texlive-pmxchords-doc' 'texlive-pnas2009' 'texlive-poemscol' 'texlive-poemscol-doc' 'texlive-poetrytex' 'texlive-poetrytex-doc' 'texlive-polski' 'texlive-polski-doc' 'texlive-poltawski' 'texlive-poltawski-doc' 'texlive-poltawski-fonts' 'texlive-polyglossia' 'texlive-polyglossia-doc' 'texlive-polynom' 'texlive-polynom-doc' 'texlive-polynomial' 'texlive-polynomial-doc' 'texlive-polytable' 'texlive-polytable-doc' 'texlive-postcards' 'texlive-postcards-doc' 'texlive-poster-mac' 'texlive-poster-mac-doc' 'texlive-powerdot' 'texlive-powerdot-FUBerlin' 'texlive-powerdot-FUBerlin-doc' 'texlive-powerdot-doc' 'texlive-ppr-prv' 'texlive-ppr-prv-doc' 'texlive-pracjourn' 'texlive-pracjourn-doc' 'texlive-preprint' 'texlive-preprint-doc' 'texlive-prerex' 'texlive-prerex-doc' 'texlive-present' 'texlive-present-doc' 'texlive-presentations' 'texlive-presentations-en' 'texlive-pressrelease' 'texlive-pressrelease-doc' 'texlive-prettyref' 'texlive-prettyref-doc' 'texlive-preview' 'texlive-preview-doc' 'texlive-prftree' 'texlive-prftree-doc' 'texlive-printlen' 'texlive-printlen-doc' 'texlive-proba' 'texlive-proba-doc' 'texlive-probsoln' 'texlive-probsoln-doc' 'texlive-procIAGssymp' 'texlive-procIAGssymp-doc' 'texlive-prodint' 'texlive-prodint-doc' 'texlive-prodint-fonts' 'texlive-productbox' 'texlive-productbox-doc' 'texlive-program' 'texlive-program-doc' 'texlive-progress' 'texlive-progress-doc' 'texlive-progressbar' 'texlive-progressbar-doc' 'texlive-proofread' 'texlive-proofread-doc' 'texlive-prooftrees' 'texlive-prooftrees-doc' 'texlive-properties' 'texlive-properties-doc' 'texlive-proposal' 'texlive-proposal-doc' 'texlive-prosper' 'texlive-prosper-doc' 'texlive-protex' 'texlive-protex-doc' 'texlive-protocol' 'texlive-protocol-doc' 'texlive-przechlewski-book' 'texlive-przechlewski-book-doc' 'texlive-ps2pk' 'texlive-ps2pk-bin' 'texlive-psbao' 'texlive-psbao-doc' 'texlive-pseudocode' 'texlive-pseudocode-doc' 'texlive-psfrag' 'texlive-psfrag-doc' 'texlive-psfrag-italian' 'texlive-psfragx' 'texlive-psfragx-doc' 'texlive-psgo' 'texlive-psgo-doc' 'texlive-psizzl' 'texlive-psizzl-doc' 'texlive-pslatex' 'texlive-psnfss' 'texlive-psnfss-doc' 'texlive-pspicture' 'texlive-pspicture-doc' 'texlive-pst-2dplot' 'texlive-pst-2dplot-doc' 'texlive-pst-3d' 'texlive-pst-3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-3dplot' 'texlive-pst-3dplot-doc' 'texlive-pst-abspos' 'texlive-pst-abspos-doc' 'texlive-pst-am' 'texlive-pst-am-doc' 'texlive-pst-asr' 'texlive-pst-asr-doc' 'texlive-pst-bar' 'texlive-pst-bar-doc' 'texlive-pst-barcode' 'texlive-pst-barcode-doc' 'texlive-pst-bezier' 'texlive-pst-bezier-doc' 'texlive-pst-blur' 'texlive-pst-blur-doc' 'texlive-pst-bspline' 'texlive-pst-bspline-doc' 'texlive-pst-calendar' 'texlive-pst-calendar-doc' 'texlive-pst-cie' 'texlive-pst-cie-doc' 'texlive-pst-circ' 'texlive-pst-circ-doc' 'texlive-pst-coil' 'texlive-pst-coil-doc' 'texlive-pst-cox' 'texlive-pst-cox-doc' 'texlive-pst-dbicons' 'texlive-pst-dbicons-doc' 'texlive-pst-diffraction' 'texlive-pst-diffraction-doc' 'texlive-pst-electricfield' 'texlive-pst-electricfield-doc' 'texlive-pst-eps' 'texlive-pst-eps-doc' 'texlive-pst-eucl' 'texlive-pst-eucl-doc' 'texlive-pst-eucl-translation-bg' 'texlive-pst-exa' 'texlive-pst-exa-doc' 'texlive-pst-fill' 'texlive-pst-fill-doc' 'texlive-pst-fit' 'texlive-pst-fit-doc' 'texlive-pst-fr3d' 'texlive-pst-fr3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-fractal' 'texlive-pst-fractal-doc' 'texlive-pst-fun' 'texlive-pst-fun-doc' 'texlive-pst-func' 'texlive-pst-func-doc' 'texlive-pst-gantt' 'texlive-pst-gantt-doc' 'texlive-pst-geo' 'texlive-pst-geo-doc' 'texlive-pst-ghsb' 'texlive-pst-ghsb-doc' 'texlive-pst-gr3d' 'texlive-pst-gr3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-grad' 'texlive-pst-grad-doc' 'texlive-pst-graphicx' 'texlive-pst-graphicx-doc' 'texlive-pst-infixplot' 'texlive-pst-infixplot-doc' 'texlive-pst-intersect' 'texlive-pst-intersect-doc' 'texlive-pst-jtree' 'texlive-pst-jtree-doc' 'texlive-pst-knot' 'texlive-pst-knot-doc' 'texlive-pst-labo' 'texlive-pst-labo-doc' 'texlive-pst-layout' 'texlive-pst-layout-doc' 'texlive-pst-lens' 'texlive-pst-lens-doc' 'texlive-pst-light3d' 'texlive-pst-light3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-magneticfield' 'texlive-pst-magneticfield-doc' 'texlive-pst-math' 'texlive-pst-math-doc' 'texlive-pst-mirror' 'texlive-pst-mirror-doc' 'texlive-pst-node' 'texlive-pst-node-doc' 'texlive-pst-ob3d' 'texlive-pst-ob3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-ode' 'texlive-pst-ode-doc' 'texlive-pst-optexp' 'texlive-pst-optexp-doc' 'texlive-pst-optic' 'texlive-pst-optic-doc' 'texlive-pst-osci' 'texlive-pst-osci-doc' 'texlive-pst-ovl' 'texlive-pst-ovl-doc' 'texlive-pst-pad' 'texlive-pst-pad-doc' 'texlive-pst-pdf' 'texlive-pst-pdf-bin' 'texlive-pst-pdf-doc' 'texlive-pst-pdgr' 'texlive-pst-pdgr-doc' 'texlive-pst-perspective' 'texlive-pst-perspective-doc' 'texlive-pst-platon' 'texlive-pst-platon-doc' 'texlive-pst-plot' 'texlive-pst-plot-doc' 'texlive-pst-poly' 'texlive-pst-poly-doc' 'texlive-pst-pulley' 'texlive-pst-pulley-doc' 'texlive-pst-qtree' 'texlive-pst-qtree-doc' 'texlive-pst-rubans' 'texlive-pst-rubans-doc' 'texlive-pst-sigsys' 'texlive-pst-sigsys-doc' 'texlive-pst-slpe' 'texlive-pst-slpe-doc' 'texlive-pst-solarsystem' 'texlive-pst-solarsystem-doc' 'texlive-pst-solides3d' 'texlive-pst-solides3d-doc' 'texlive-pst-soroban' 'texlive-pst-soroban-doc' 'texlive-pst-spectra' 'texlive-pst-spectra-doc' 'texlive-pst-spirograph' 'texlive-pst-spirograph-doc' 'texlive-pst-stru' 'texlive-pst-stru-doc' 'texlive-pst-support' 'texlive-pst-text' 'texlive-pst-text-doc' 'texlive-pst-thick' 'texlive-pst-thick-doc' 'texlive-pst-tools' 'texlive-pst-tools-doc' 'texlive-pst-tree' 'texlive-pst-tree-doc' 'texlive-pst-tvz' 'texlive-pst-tvz-doc' 'texlive-pst-uml' 'texlive-pst-uml-doc' 'texlive-pst-vectorian' 'texlive-pst-vectorian-doc' 'texlive-pst-vowel' 'texlive-pst-vowel-doc' 'texlive-pst-vue3d' 'texlive-pst-vue3d-doc' 'texlive-pst2pdf' 'texlive-pst2pdf-bin' 'texlive-pst2pdf-doc' 'texlive-pstool' 'texlive-pstool-doc' 'texlive-pstools' 'texlive-pstools-bin' 'texlive-pstools-doc' 'texlive-pstricks' 'texlive-pstricks-add' 'texlive-pstricks-add-doc' 'texlive-pstricks-doc' 'texlive-pstricks-examples' 'texlive-pstricks-examples-en' 'texlive-pstricks_calcnotes' 'texlive-psu-thesis' 'texlive-psu-thesis-doc' 'texlive-ptex' 'texlive-ptex-base' 'texlive-ptex-base-doc' 'texlive-ptex-bin' 'texlive-ptex-doc' 'texlive-ptex-fonts' 'texlive-ptex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-ptex-fonts-fonts' 'texlive-ptex2pdf' 'texlive-ptex2pdf-bin' 'texlive-ptex2pdf-doc' 'texlive-ptexenc-devel' 'texlive-ptext' 'texlive-ptext-doc' 'texlive-ptptex' 'texlive-ptptex-doc' 'texlive-punk' 'texlive-punk-doc' 'texlive-punk-latex' 'texlive-punk-latex-doc' 'texlive-punknova' 'texlive-punknova-doc' 'texlive-punknova-fonts' 'texlive-purifyeps' 'texlive-purifyeps-bin' 'texlive-purifyeps-doc' 'texlive-pxbase' 'texlive-pxbase-doc' 'texlive-pxchfon' 'texlive-pxchfon-doc' 'texlive-pxcjkcat' 'texlive-pxcjkcat-doc' 'texlive-pxfonts' 'texlive-pxfonts-doc' 'texlive-pxfonts-fonts' 'texlive-pxgreeks' 'texlive-pxgreeks-doc' 'texlive-pxjahyper' 'texlive-pxjahyper-doc' 'texlive-pxpgfmark' 'texlive-pxpgfmark-doc' 'texlive-pxrubrica' 'texlive-pxrubrica-doc' 'texlive-pxtxalfa' 'texlive-pxtxalfa-doc' 'texlive-pygmentex' 'texlive-pygmentex-bin' 'texlive-pygmentex-doc' 'texlive-python' 'texlive-python-doc' 'texlive-pythontex' 'texlive-pythontex-bin' 'texlive-pythontex-doc' 'texlive-qcircuit' 'texlive-qcircuit-doc' 'texlive-qcm' 'texlive-qcm-doc' 'texlive-qobitree' 'texlive-qobitree-doc' 'texlive-qpxqtx' 'texlive-qpxqtx-doc' 'texlive-qrcode' 'texlive-qrcode-doc' 'texlive-qstest' 'texlive-qstest-doc' 'texlive-qsymbols' 'texlive-qsymbols-doc' 'texlive-qtree' 'texlive-qtree-doc' 'texlive-quattrocento' 'texlive-quattrocento-doc' 'texlive-quattrocento-fonts' 'texlive-quotchap' 'texlive-quotchap-doc' 'texlive-quoting' 'texlive-quoting-doc' 'texlive-quotmark' 'texlive-quotmark-doc' 'texlive-quran' 'texlive-quran-doc' 'texlive-r_und_s' 'texlive-r_und_s-doc' 'texlive-raleway' 'texlive-raleway-doc' 'texlive-raleway-fonts' 'texlive-ran_toks' 'texlive-ran_toks-doc' 'texlive-randbild' 'texlive-randbild-doc' 'texlive-randomwalk' 'texlive-randomwalk-doc' 'texlive-randtext' 'texlive-randtext-doc' 'texlive-rccol' 'texlive-rccol-doc' 'texlive-rcs' 'texlive-rcs-doc' 'texlive-rcs-multi' 'texlive-rcs-multi-doc' 'texlive-rcsinfo' 'texlive-rcsinfo-doc' 'texlive-readarray' 'texlive-readarray-doc' 'texlive-realboxes' 'texlive-realboxes-doc' 'texlive-realscripts' 'texlive-realscripts-doc' 'texlive-rec-thy' 'texlive-rec-thy-doc' 'texlive-recipe' 'texlive-recipe-doc' 'texlive-recipebook' 'texlive-recipebook-doc' 'texlive-recipecard' 'texlive-recipecard-doc' 'texlive-rectopma' 'texlive-rectopma-doc' 'texlive-recycle' 'texlive-recycle-doc' 'texlive-recycle-fonts' 'texlive-refcheck' 'texlive-refcheck-doc' 'texlive-refenums' 'texlive-refenums-doc' 'texlive-reflectgraphics' 'texlive-reflectgraphics-doc' 'texlive-refman' 'texlive-refman-doc' 'texlive-refstyle' 'texlive-refstyle-doc' 'texlive-regcount' 'texlive-regcount-doc' 'texlive-regexpatch' 'texlive-regexpatch-doc' 'texlive-register' 'texlive-register-doc' 'texlive-regstats' 'texlive-regstats-doc' 'texlive-reledmac' 'texlive-reledmac-doc' 'texlive-relenc' 'texlive-relenc-doc' 'texlive-relsize' 'texlive-relsize-doc' 'texlive-reotex' 'texlive-reotex-doc' 'texlive-repeatindex' 'texlive-repeatindex-doc' 'texlive-repere' 'texlive-repere-doc' 'texlive-repltext' 'texlive-repltext-doc' 'texlive-resphilosophica' 'texlive-resphilosophica-doc' 'texlive-resumecls' 'texlive-resumecls-doc' 'texlive-resumemac' 'texlive-resumemac-doc' 'texlive-reverxii' 'texlive-revtex' 'texlive-revtex-doc' 'texlive-revtex4' 'texlive-revtex4-doc' 'texlive-ribbonproofs' 'texlive-ribbonproofs-doc' 'texlive-rjlparshap' 'texlive-rjlparshap-doc' 'texlive-rlepsf' 'texlive-rlepsf-doc' 'texlive-rmathbr' 'texlive-rmathbr-doc' 'texlive-rmpage' 'texlive-rmpage-doc' 'texlive-roboto' 'texlive-roboto-doc' 'texlive-roboto-fonts' 'texlive-robustcommand' 'texlive-robustcommand-doc' 'texlive-robustindex' 'texlive-robustindex-doc' 'texlive-roex' 'texlive-romanbar' 'texlive-romanbar-doc' 'texlive-romanbarpagenumber' 'texlive-romanbarpagenumber-doc' 'texlive-romande' 'texlive-romande-doc' 'texlive-romande-fonts' 'texlive-romanneg' 'texlive-romanneg-doc' 'texlive-romannum' 'texlive-romannum-doc' 'texlive-rosario' 'texlive-rosario-doc' 'texlive-rosario-fonts' 'texlive-rotating' 'texlive-rotating-doc' 'texlive-rotfloat' 'texlive-rotfloat-doc' 'texlive-rotpages' 'texlive-rotpages-doc' 'texlive-roundbox' 'texlive-roundbox-doc' 'texlive-roundrect' 'texlive-roundrect-doc' 'texlive-rrgtrees' 'texlive-rrgtrees-doc' 'texlive-rsc' 'texlive-rsc-doc' 'texlive-rsfs' 'texlive-rsfs-doc' 'texlive-rsfs-fonts' 'texlive-rsfso' 'texlive-rsfso-doc' 'texlive-rterface' 'texlive-rterface-doc' 'texlive-rtkinenc' 'texlive-rtkinenc-doc' 'texlive-rtklage' 'texlive-rtklage-doc' 'texlive-rubik' 'texlive-rubik-bin' 'texlive-rubik-doc' 'texlive-ruhyphen' 'texlive-rulercompass' 'texlive-rulercompass-doc' 'texlive-russ' 'texlive-russ-doc' 'texlive-rviewport' 'texlive-rviewport-doc' 'texlive-rvwrite' 'texlive-rvwrite-doc' 'texlive-ryethesis' 'texlive-ryethesis-doc' 'texlive-sa-tikz' 'texlive-sa-tikz-doc' 'texlive-sageep' 'texlive-sageep-doc' 'texlive-sanskrit' 'texlive-sanskrit-doc' 'texlive-sanskrit-t1' 'texlive-sanskrit-t1-doc' 'texlive-sanskrit-t1-fonts' 'texlive-sansmath' 'texlive-sansmath-doc' 'texlive-sansmathaccent' 'texlive-sansmathaccent-doc' 'texlive-sansmathfonts' 'texlive-sansmathfonts-doc' 'texlive-sansmathfonts-fonts' 'texlive-sapthesis' 'texlive-sapthesis-doc' 'texlive-sasnrdisplay' 'texlive-sasnrdisplay-doc' 'texlive-sauerj' 'texlive-sauerj-doc' 'texlive-sauter' 'texlive-sauterfonts' 'texlive-sauterfonts-doc' 'texlive-savefnmark' 'texlive-savefnmark-doc' 'texlive-savesym' 'texlive-savetrees' 'texlive-savetrees-doc' 'texlive-scale' 'texlive-scale-doc' 'texlive-scalebar' 'texlive-scalebar-doc' 'texlive-scalerel' 'texlive-scalerel-doc' 'texlive-scanpages' 'texlive-scanpages-doc' 'texlive-schemabloc' 'texlive-schemabloc-doc' 'texlive-schemata' 'texlive-schemata-doc' 'texlive-scheme-basic' 'texlive-scheme-context' 'texlive-scheme-full' 'texlive-scheme-gust' 'texlive-scheme-medium' 'texlive-scheme-minimal' 'texlive-scheme-small' 'texlive-scheme-tetex' 'texlive-scheme-xml' 'texlive-schule' 'texlive-schule-doc' 'texlive-schulschriften' 'texlive-schulschriften-doc' 'texlive-schwalbe-chess' 'texlive-schwalbe-chess-doc' 'texlive-sciposter' 'texlive-sciposter-doc' 'texlive-sclang-prettifier' 'texlive-sclang-prettifier-doc' 'texlive-screenplay' 'texlive-screenplay-doc' 'texlive-screenplay-pkg' 'texlive-screenplay-pkg-doc' 'texlive-scrjrnl' 'texlive-scrjrnl-doc' 'texlive-scrlttr2copy' 'texlive-scrlttr2copy-doc' 'texlive-sdrt' 'texlive-sdrt-doc' 'texlive-sduthesis' 'texlive-sduthesis-doc' 'texlive-secdot' 'texlive-secdot-doc' 'texlive-section' 'texlive-section-doc' 'texlive-sectionbox' 'texlive-sectionbox-doc' 'texlive-sectsty' 'texlive-sectsty-doc' 'texlive-seealso' 'texlive-seealso-doc' 'texlive-seetexk' 'texlive-seetexk-bin' 'texlive-selectp' 'texlive-selectp-doc' 'texlive-selnolig' 'texlive-selnolig-doc' 'texlive-semantic' 'texlive-semantic-doc' 'texlive-semaphor' 'texlive-semaphor-doc' 'texlive-semaphor-fonts' 'texlive-seminar' 'texlive-seminar-doc' 'texlive-semioneside' 'texlive-semioneside-doc' 'texlive-semproc' 'texlive-semproc-doc' 'texlive-sepfootnotes' 'texlive-sepfootnotes-doc' 'texlive-sepnum' 'texlive-sepnum-doc' 'texlive-seqsplit' 'texlive-seqsplit-doc' 'texlive-serbian-apostrophe' 'texlive-serbian-apostrophe-doc' 'texlive-serbian-date-lat' 'texlive-serbian-date-lat-doc' 'texlive-serbian-def-cyr' 'texlive-serbian-def-cyr-doc' 'texlive-serbian-lig' 'texlive-serbian-lig-doc' 'texlive-sesamanuel' 'texlive-sesamanuel-doc' 'texlive-setdeck' 'texlive-setdeck-doc' 'texlive-setspace' 'texlive-setspace-doc' 'texlive-seuthesis' 'texlive-seuthesis-doc' 'texlive-seuthesix' 'texlive-seuthesix-doc' 'texlive-sf298' 'texlive-sf298-doc' 'texlive-sffms' 'texlive-sffms-doc' 'texlive-sfg' 'texlive-sfg-doc' 'texlive-sfmath' 'texlive-sgame' 'texlive-sgame-doc' 'texlive-shade' 'texlive-shade-doc' 'texlive-shadethm' 'texlive-shadethm-doc' 'texlive-shadow' 'texlive-shadow-doc' 'texlive-shadowtext' 'texlive-shadowtext-doc' 'texlive-shapepar' 'texlive-shapepar-doc' 'texlive-shapes' 'texlive-shapes-doc' 'texlive-shdoc' 'texlive-shdoc-doc' 'texlive-shipunov' 'texlive-shipunov-doc' 'texlive-shorttoc' 'texlive-shorttoc-doc' 'texlive-show2e' 'texlive-show2e-doc' 'texlive-showcharinbox' 'texlive-showcharinbox-doc' 'texlive-showdim' 'texlive-showdim-doc' 'texlive-showexpl' 'texlive-showexpl-doc' 'texlive-showhyphens' 'texlive-showhyphens-doc' 'texlive-showlabels' 'texlive-showlabels-doc' 'texlive-showtags' 'texlive-showtags-doc' 'texlive-shuffle' 'texlive-shuffle-doc' 'texlive-sidecap' 'texlive-sidecap-doc' 'texlive-sidenotes' 'texlive-sidenotes-doc' 'texlive-sides' 'texlive-sides-doc' 'texlive-signchart' 'texlive-signchart-doc' 'texlive-silence' 'texlive-silence-doc' 'texlive-simplecd' 'texlive-simplecd-doc' 'texlive-simplecv' 'texlive-simplecv-doc' 'texlive-simpler-wick' 'texlive-simpler-wick-doc' 'texlive-simplewick' 'texlive-simplewick-doc' 'texlive-simplified-latex' 'texlive-simurgh' 'texlive-simurgh-doc' 'texlive-sitem' 'texlive-sitem-doc' 'texlive-siunitx' 'texlive-siunitx-doc' 'texlive-skak' 'texlive-skak-doc' 'texlive-skaknew' 'texlive-skaknew-doc' 'texlive-skaknew-fonts' 'texlive-skb' 'texlive-skb-doc' 'texlive-skdoc' 'texlive-skdoc-doc' 'texlive-skeycommand' 'texlive-skeycommand-doc' 'texlive-skeyval' 'texlive-skeyval-doc' 'texlive-skmath' 'texlive-skmath-doc' 'texlive-skrapport' 'texlive-skrapport-doc' 'texlive-skull' 'texlive-slantsc' 'texlive-slantsc-doc' 'texlive-slideshow' 'texlive-slideshow-doc' 'texlive-smalltableof' 'texlive-smalltableof-doc' 'texlive-smartdiagram' 'texlive-smartdiagram-doc' 'texlive-smartref' 'texlive-smartref-doc' 'texlive-smartunits' 'texlive-smartunits-doc' 'texlive-snapshot' 'texlive-snapshot-doc' 'texlive-snotez' 'texlive-snotez-doc' 'texlive-songbook' 'texlive-songbook-doc' 'texlive-songs' 'texlive-songs-doc' 'texlive-sort-by-letters' 'texlive-sort-by-letters-doc' 'texlive-soton' 'texlive-soton-doc' 'texlive-soul' 'texlive-soul-doc' 'texlive-sourcecodepro' 'texlive-sourcecodepro-doc' 'texlive-sourcecodepro-fonts' 'texlive-sourcesanspro' 'texlive-sourcesanspro-doc' 'texlive-sourcesanspro-fonts' 'texlive-sourceserifpro' 'texlive-sourceserifpro-doc' 'texlive-sourceserifpro-fonts' 'texlive-spanish-mx' 'texlive-spanish-mx-doc' 'texlive-sparklines' 'texlive-sparklines-doc' 'texlive-spath3' 'texlive-spath3-doc' 'texlive-specs-a' 'texlive-spelling' 'texlive-spelling-doc' 'texlive-sphdthesis' 'texlive-sphdthesis-doc' 'texlive-spie' 'texlive-spie-doc' 'texlive-splines' 'texlive-splines-doc' 'texlive-splitbib' 'texlive-splitbib-doc' 'texlive-splitindex' 'texlive-splitindex-bin' 'texlive-splitindex-doc' 'texlive-spot' 'texlive-spot-doc' 'texlive-spotcolor' 'texlive-spotcolor-doc' 'texlive-spreadtab' 'texlive-spreadtab-doc' 'texlive-spverbatim' 'texlive-spverbatim-doc' 'texlive-sr-vorl' 'texlive-sr-vorl-doc' 'texlive-srbook-mem' 'texlive-srbook-mem-doc' 'texlive-srcltx' 'texlive-srcltx-doc' 'texlive-srcredact' 'texlive-srcredact-bin' 'texlive-srcredact-doc' 'texlive-sseq' 'texlive-sseq-doc' 'texlive-sslides' 'texlive-sslides-doc' 'texlive-stack' 'texlive-stackengine' 'texlive-stackengine-doc' 'texlive-stage' 'texlive-stage-doc' 'texlive-standalone' 'texlive-standalone-doc' 'texlive-starfont' 'texlive-starfont-doc' 'texlive-starfont-fonts' 'texlive-startex' 'texlive-startex-doc' 'texlive-statex' 'texlive-statex-doc' 'texlive-statex2' 'texlive-statex2-doc' 'texlive-statistik' 'texlive-statistik-doc' 'texlive-staves' 'texlive-staves-doc' 'texlive-staves-fonts' 'texlive-stdclsdv' 'texlive-stdclsdv-doc' 'texlive-stdpage' 'texlive-stdpage-doc' 'texlive-steinmetz' 'texlive-steinmetz-doc' 'texlive-stellenbosch' 'texlive-stellenbosch-doc' 'texlive-stex' 'texlive-stex-doc' 'texlive-stix' 'texlive-stix-doc' 'texlive-stix-fonts' 'texlive-stmaryrd' 'texlive-stmaryrd-doc' 'texlive-stmaryrd-fonts' 'texlive-storebox' 'texlive-storebox-doc' 'texlive-storecmd' 'texlive-storecmd-doc' 'texlive-stringstrings' 'texlive-stringstrings-doc' 'texlive-struktex' 'texlive-struktex-doc' 'texlive-sttools' 'texlive-sttools-doc' 'texlive-stubs' 'texlive-stubs-doc' 'texlive-sty2dtx' 'texlive-sty2dtx-bin' 'texlive-sty2dtx-doc' 'texlive-suanpan' 'texlive-suanpan-doc' 'texlive-subdepth' 'texlive-subdepth-doc' 'texlive-subeqn' 'texlive-subeqn-doc' 'texlive-subeqnarray' 'texlive-subeqnarray-doc' 'texlive-subfig' 'texlive-subfig-doc' 'texlive-subfigmat' 'texlive-subfigmat-doc' 'texlive-subfigure' 'texlive-subfigure-doc' 'texlive-subfiles' 'texlive-subfiles-doc' 'texlive-subfloat' 'texlive-subfloat-doc' 'texlive-substances' 'texlive-substances-doc' 'texlive-substitutefont' 'texlive-substitutefont-doc' 'texlive-substr' 'texlive-substr-doc' 'texlive-subsupscripts' 'texlive-subsupscripts-doc' 'texlive-sudoku' 'texlive-sudoku-doc' 'texlive-sudokubundle' 'texlive-sudokubundle-doc' 'texlive-suftesi' 'texlive-suftesi-doc' 'texlive-sugconf' 'texlive-sugconf-doc' 'texlive-superiors' 'texlive-superiors-doc' 'texlive-superiors-fonts' 'texlive-supertabular' 'texlive-supertabular-doc' 'texlive-susy' 'texlive-susy-doc' 'texlive-svg' 'texlive-svg-doc' 'texlive-svg-inkscape' 'texlive-svgcolor' 'texlive-svgcolor-doc' 'texlive-svn' 'texlive-svn-doc' 'texlive-svn-multi' 'texlive-svn-multi-bin' 'texlive-svn-multi-doc' 'texlive-svn-prov' 'texlive-svn-prov-doc' 'texlive-svninfo' 'texlive-svninfo-doc' 'texlive-svrsymbols' 'texlive-svrsymbols-doc' 'texlive-svrsymbols-fonts' 'texlive-swebib' 'texlive-swebib-doc' 'texlive-swimgraf' 'texlive-swimgraf-doc' 'texlive-syllogism' 'texlive-syllogism-doc' 'texlive-symbol' 'texlive-symbol-fonts' 'texlive-sympytexpackage' 'texlive-sympytexpackage-doc' 'texlive-synctex' 'texlive-synctex-bin' 'texlive-synctex-devel' 'texlive-synproof' 'texlive-synproof-doc' 'texlive-syntax' 'texlive-syntax-doc' 'texlive-syntrace' 'texlive-syntrace-doc' 'texlive-synttree' 'texlive-synttree-doc' 'texlive-systeme' 'texlive-systeme-doc' 'texlive-t-angles' 'texlive-t-angles-doc' 'texlive-t2' 'texlive-t2-doc' 'texlive-tabfigures' 'texlive-tabfigures-doc' 'texlive-tableaux' 'texlive-tableaux-doc' 'texlive-tablefootnote' 'texlive-tablefootnote-doc' 'texlive-tableof' 'texlive-tableof-doc' 'texlive-tablestyles' 'texlive-tablestyles-doc' 'texlive-tablists' 'texlive-tablists-doc' 'texlive-tablor' 'texlive-tablor-doc' 'texlive-tabls' 'texlive-tabls-doc' 'texlive-tabriz-thesis' 'texlive-tabriz-thesis-doc' 'texlive-tabstackengine' 'texlive-tabstackengine-doc' 'texlive-tabto-generic' 'texlive-tabto-ltx' 'texlive-tabto-ltx-doc' 'texlive-tabu' 'texlive-tabu-doc' 'texlive-tabularborder' 'texlive-tabularborder-doc' 'texlive-tabularcalc' 'texlive-tabularcalc-doc' 'texlive-tabularew' 'texlive-tabularew-doc' 'texlive-tabulars-e' 'texlive-tabulary' 'texlive-tabulary-doc' 'texlive-tabvar' 'texlive-tabvar-doc' 'texlive-tabvar-fonts' 'texlive-tagging' 'texlive-tagging-doc' 'texlive-tagpair' 'texlive-tagpair-doc' 'texlive-talk' 'texlive-talk-doc' 'texlive-tamefloats' 'texlive-tamefloats-doc' 'texlive-tamethebeast' 'texlive-tap' 'texlive-tap-doc' 'texlive-tapir' 'texlive-tapir-doc' 'texlive-tapir-fonts' 'texlive-tasks' 'texlive-tasks-doc' 'texlive-tcldoc' 'texlive-tcldoc-doc' 'texlive-tcolorbox' 'texlive-tcolorbox-doc' 'texlive-tdclock' 'texlive-tdclock-doc' 'texlive-tds' 'texlive-tdsfrmath' 'texlive-tdsfrmath-doc' 'texlive-technics' 'texlive-technics-doc' 'texlive-ted' 'texlive-ted-doc' 'texlive-templates-fenn' 'texlive-templates-sommer' 'texlive-templatetools' 'texlive-templatetools-doc' 'texlive-tempora' 'texlive-tempora-doc' 'texlive-tempora-fonts' 'texlive-tengwarscript' 'texlive-tengwarscript-doc' 'texlive-tensor' 'texlive-tensor-doc' 'texlive-termcal' 'texlive-termcal-doc' 'texlive-termlist' 'texlive-termlist-doc' 'texlive-termmenu' 'texlive-termmenu-doc' 'texlive-testhyphens' 'texlive-testhyphens-doc' 'texlive-tetex' 'texlive-tetex-bin' 'texlive-tetex-doc' 'texlive-teubner' 'texlive-teubner-doc' 'texlive-tex' 'texlive-tex-bin' 'texlive-tex-ewd' 'texlive-tex-ewd-doc' 'texlive-tex-font-errors-cheatsheet' 'texlive-tex-gyre' 'texlive-tex-gyre-doc' 'texlive-tex-gyre-fonts' 'texlive-tex-gyre-math' 'texlive-tex-gyre-math-doc' 'texlive-tex-gyre-math-fonts' 'texlive-tex-ini-files' 'texlive-tex-ini-files-doc' 'texlive-tex-label' 'texlive-tex-label-doc' 'texlive-tex-overview' 'texlive-tex-ps' 'texlive-tex-ps-doc' 'texlive-tex-refs' 'texlive-tex-virtual-academy-pl' 'texlive-tex4ebook' 'texlive-tex4ebook-bin' 'texlive-tex4ebook-doc' 'texlive-tex4ht' 'texlive-tex4ht-bin' 'texlive-tex4ht-doc' 'texlive-texapi' 'texlive-texapi-doc' 'texlive-texbytopic' 'texlive-texconfig' 'texlive-texconfig-bin' 'texlive-texconfig-doc' 'texlive-texcount' 'texlive-texcount-bin' 'texlive-texcount-doc' 'texlive-texdef' 'texlive-texdef-bin' 'texlive-texdef-doc' 'texlive-texdiff' 'texlive-texdiff-bin' 'texlive-texdiff-doc' 'texlive-texdirflatten' 'texlive-texdirflatten-bin' 'texlive-texdirflatten-doc' 'texlive-texdoc' 'texlive-texdoc-bin' 'texlive-texdoc-doc' 'texlive-texdraw' 'texlive-texdraw-doc' 'texlive-texfot' 'texlive-texfot-bin' 'texlive-texfot-doc' 'texlive-texilikechaps' 'texlive-texilikecover' 'texlive-texinfo' 'texlive-texlive-common' 'texlive-texlive-cz' 'texlive-texlive-de' 'texlive-texlive-en' 'texlive-texlive-es' 'texlive-texlive-fr' 'texlive-texlive-it' 'texlive-texlive-pl' 'texlive-texlive-ru' 'texlive-texlive-sr' 'texlive-texlive-zh-cn' 'texlive-texlive.infra' 'texlive-texlive.infra-doc' 'texlive-texliveonfly' 'texlive-texliveonfly-bin' 'texlive-texliveonfly-doc' 'texlive-texloganalyser' 'texlive-texloganalyser-bin' 'texlive-texloganalyser-doc' 'texlive-texlogos' 'texlive-texlua-devel' 'texlive-texluajit-devel' 'texlive-texmate' 'texlive-texmate-doc' 'texlive-texments' 'texlive-texments-doc' 'texlive-texpower' 'texlive-texpower-doc' 'texlive-texshade' 'texlive-texshade-doc' 'texlive-texsis' 'texlive-texsis-bin' 'texlive-texsis-doc' 'texlive-textcase' 'texlive-textcase-doc' 'texlive-textfit' 'texlive-textfit-doc' 'texlive-textglos' 'texlive-textglos-doc' 'texlive-textgreek' 'texlive-textgreek-doc' 'texlive-textmerg' 'texlive-textmerg-doc' 'texlive-textopo' 'texlive-textopo-doc' 'texlive-textpath' 'texlive-textpath-doc' 'texlive-textpos' 'texlive-textpos-doc' 'texlive-texvc' 'texlive-texvc-doc' 'texlive-texware' 'texlive-texware-bin' 'texlive-tfrupee' 'texlive-tfrupee-doc' 'texlive-tfrupee-fonts' 'texlive-thalie' 'texlive-thalie-doc' 'texlive-theoremref' 'texlive-theoremref-doc' 'texlive-thesis-ekf' 'texlive-thesis-ekf-doc' 'texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac' 'texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac-doc' 'texlive-thinsp' 'texlive-thinsp-doc' 'texlive-thmbox' 'texlive-thmbox-doc' 'texlive-thmtools' 'texlive-thmtools-doc' 'texlive-threadcol' 'texlive-threadcol-doc' 'texlive-threeddice' 'texlive-threeddice-doc' 'texlive-threeparttable' 'texlive-threeparttable-doc' 'texlive-threeparttablex' 'texlive-threeparttablex-doc' 'texlive-thumb' 'texlive-thumb-doc' 'texlive-thumbpdf' 'texlive-thumbpdf-bin' 'texlive-thumbpdf-doc' 'texlive-thumbs' 'texlive-thumbs-doc' 'texlive-thumby' 'texlive-thumby-doc' 'texlive-thuthesis' 'texlive-thuthesis-doc' 'texlive-ticket' 'texlive-ticket-doc' 'texlive-ticollege' 'texlive-ticollege-doc' 'texlive-tie' 'texlive-tie-bin' 'texlive-tikz-3dplot' 'texlive-tikz-3dplot-doc' 'texlive-tikz-bayesnet' 'texlive-tikz-bayesnet-doc' 'texlive-tikz-cd' 'texlive-tikz-cd-doc' 'texlive-tikz-dependency' 'texlive-tikz-dependency-doc' 'texlive-tikz-dimline' 'texlive-tikz-dimline-doc' 'texlive-tikz-feynman' 'texlive-tikz-feynman-doc' 'texlive-tikz-inet' 'texlive-tikz-inet-doc' 'texlive-tikz-opm' 'texlive-tikz-opm-doc' 'texlive-tikz-palattice' 'texlive-tikz-palattice-doc' 'texlive-tikz-qtree' 'texlive-tikz-qtree-doc' 'texlive-tikz-timing' 'texlive-tikz-timing-doc' 'texlive-tikzinclude' 'texlive-tikzinclude-doc' 'texlive-tikzmark' 'texlive-tikzmark-doc' 'texlive-tikzorbital' 'texlive-tikzorbital-doc' 'texlive-tikzpagenodes' 'texlive-tikzpagenodes-doc' 'texlive-tikzpfeile' 'texlive-tikzpfeile-doc' 'texlive-tikzposter' 'texlive-tikzposter-doc' 'texlive-tikzscale' 'texlive-tikzscale-doc' 'texlive-tikzsymbols' 'texlive-tikzsymbols-doc' 'texlive-times' 'texlive-times-fonts' 'texlive-timetable' 'texlive-timing-diagrams' 'texlive-timing-diagrams-doc' 'texlive-tipa' 'texlive-tipa-de' 'texlive-tipa-doc' 'texlive-tipa-fonts' 'texlive-tipfr' 'texlive-tipfr-doc' 'texlive-titlecaps' 'texlive-titlecaps-doc' 'texlive-titlefoot' 'texlive-titlepages' 'texlive-titlepic' 'texlive-titlepic-doc' 'texlive-titleref' 'texlive-titleref-doc' 'texlive-titlesec' 'texlive-titlesec-doc' 'texlive-titling' 'texlive-titling-doc' 'texlive-tkz-base' 'texlive-tkz-base-doc' 'texlive-tkz-berge' 'texlive-tkz-berge-doc' 'texlive-tkz-doc' 'texlive-tkz-doc-doc' 'texlive-tkz-euclide' 'texlive-tkz-euclide-doc' 'texlive-tkz-fct' 'texlive-tkz-fct-doc' 'texlive-tkz-graph' 'texlive-tkz-graph-doc' 'texlive-tkz-kiviat' 'texlive-tkz-kiviat-doc' 'texlive-tkz-linknodes' 'texlive-tkz-linknodes-doc' 'texlive-tkz-orm' 'texlive-tkz-orm-doc' 'texlive-tkz-tab' 'texlive-tkz-tab-doc' 'texlive-tlc2' 'texlive-tocbibind' 'texlive-tocbibind-doc' 'texlive-tocloft' 'texlive-tocloft-doc' 'texlive-tocvsec2' 'texlive-tocvsec2-doc' 'texlive-todo' 'texlive-todo-doc' 'texlive-todonotes' 'texlive-todonotes-doc' 'texlive-tokenizer' 'texlive-tokenizer-doc' 'texlive-toolbox' 'texlive-toolbox-doc' 'texlive-tools' 'texlive-tools-doc' 'texlive-topfloat' 'texlive-topfloat-doc' 'texlive-toptesi' 'texlive-toptesi-doc' 'texlive-totcount' 'texlive-totcount-doc' 'texlive-totpages' 'texlive-totpages-doc' 'texlive-tpic2pdftex' 'texlive-tpic2pdftex-bin' 'texlive-tpslifonts' 'texlive-tpslifonts-doc' 'texlive-tqft' 'texlive-tqft-doc' 'texlive-tracklang' 'texlive-tracklang-doc' 'texlive-trajan' 'texlive-trajan-doc' 'texlive-trajan-fonts' 'texlive-tram' 'texlive-tram-doc' 'texlive-translation-array-fr' 'texlive-translation-arsclassica-de' 'texlive-translation-biblatex-de' 'texlive-translation-chemsym-de' 'texlive-translation-dcolumn-fr' 'texlive-translation-ecv-de' 'texlive-translation-enumitem-de' 'texlive-translation-europecv-de' 'texlive-translation-filecontents-de' 'texlive-translation-moreverb-de' 'texlive-translation-natbib-fr' 'texlive-translation-tabbing-fr' 'texlive-translations' 'texlive-translations-doc' 'texlive-tree-dvips' 'texlive-tree-dvips-doc' 'texlive-treetex' 'texlive-treetex-doc' 'texlive-trfsigns' 'texlive-trfsigns-doc' 'texlive-trimspaces' 'texlive-trimspaces-doc' 'texlive-trivfloat' 'texlive-trivfloat-doc' 'texlive-trsym' 'texlive-trsym-doc' 'texlive-truncate' 'texlive-truncate-doc' 'texlive-tsemlines' 'texlive-ttfutils' 'texlive-ttfutils-bin' 'texlive-ttfutils-doc' 'texlive-tucv' 'texlive-tucv-doc' 'texlive-tudscr' 'texlive-tudscr-doc' 'texlive-tufte-latex' 'texlive-tufte-latex-doc' 'texlive-tugboat' 'texlive-tugboat-doc' 'texlive-tugboat-plain' 'texlive-tugboat-plain-doc' 'texlive-tui' 'texlive-tui-doc' 'texlive-turabian' 'texlive-turabian-doc' 'texlive-turabian-formatting' 'texlive-turabian-formatting-doc' 'texlive-turkmen' 'texlive-turkmen-doc' 'texlive-turnstile' 'texlive-turnstile-doc' 'texlive-turnthepage' 'texlive-turnthepage-doc' 'texlive-twoinone' 'texlive-twoinone-doc' 'texlive-twoup' 'texlive-twoup-doc' 'texlive-txfonts' 'texlive-txfonts-doc' 'texlive-txfonts-fonts' 'texlive-txfontsb' 'texlive-txfontsb-doc' 'texlive-txfontsb-fonts' 'texlive-txgreeks' 'texlive-txgreeks-doc' 'texlive-type1cm' 'texlive-type1cm-doc' 'texlive-typed-checklist' 'texlive-typed-checklist-doc' 'texlive-typeface' 'texlive-typeface-doc' 'texlive-typehtml' 'texlive-typehtml-doc' 'texlive-typeoutfileinfo' 'texlive-typeoutfileinfo-bin' 'texlive-typeoutfileinfo-doc' 'texlive-typicons' 'texlive-typicons-doc' 'texlive-typicons-fonts' 'texlive-typogrid' 'texlive-typogrid-doc' 'texlive-uaclasses' 'texlive-uaclasses-doc' 'texlive-uafthesis' 'texlive-uafthesis-doc' 'texlive-uantwerpendocs' 'texlive-uantwerpendocs-doc' 'texlive-uassign' 'texlive-uassign-doc' 'texlive-ucbthesis' 'texlive-ucbthesis-doc' 'texlive-ucdavisthesis' 'texlive-ucdavisthesis-doc' 'texlive-ucharcat' 'texlive-ucharcat-doc' 'texlive-ucharclasses' 'texlive-ucharclasses-doc' 'texlive-ucs' 'texlive-ucs-doc' 'texlive-ucthesis' 'texlive-ucthesis-doc' 'texlive-udesoftec' 'texlive-udesoftec-doc' 'texlive-uebungsblatt' 'texlive-uebungsblatt-doc' 'texlive-uestcthesis' 'texlive-uestcthesis-doc' 'texlive-uhc' 'texlive-uhc-doc' 'texlive-uhc-fonts' 'texlive-uhrzeit' 'texlive-uhrzeit-doc' 'texlive-uiucredborder' 'texlive-uiucredborder-doc' 'texlive-uiucthesis' 'texlive-uiucthesis-doc' 'texlive-ukrhyph' 'texlive-ukrhyph-doc' 'texlive-ulem' 'texlive-ulem-doc' 'texlive-ulqda' 'texlive-ulqda-bin' 'texlive-ulqda-doc' 'texlive-ulthese' 'texlive-ulthese-doc' 'texlive-umich-thesis' 'texlive-umich-thesis-doc' 'texlive-uml' 'texlive-uml-doc' 'texlive-umlaute' 'texlive-umlaute-doc' 'texlive-umoline' 'texlive-umoline-doc' 'texlive-umthesis' 'texlive-umthesis-doc' 'texlive-umtypewriter' 'texlive-umtypewriter-fonts' 'texlive-unamth-template' 'texlive-unamthesis' 'texlive-unamthesis-doc' 'texlive-underlin' 'texlive-underlin-doc' 'texlive-underoverlap' 'texlive-underoverlap-doc' 'texlive-underscore' 'texlive-underscore-doc' 'texlive-undolabl' 'texlive-undolabl-doc' 'texlive-uni-wtal-ger' 'texlive-uni-wtal-ger-doc' 'texlive-uni-wtal-lin' 'texlive-uni-wtal-lin-doc' 'texlive-unicode-data' 'texlive-unicode-data-doc' 'texlive-unicode-math' 'texlive-unicode-math-doc' 'texlive-unisugar' 'texlive-unisugar-doc' 'texlive-units' 'texlive-units-doc' 'texlive-unitsdef' 'texlive-unitsdef-doc' 'texlive-universa' 'texlive-universa-doc' 'texlive-universalis' 'texlive-universalis-doc' 'texlive-universalis-fonts' 'texlive-unravel' 'texlive-unravel-doc' 'texlive-unswcover' 'texlive-unswcover-doc' 'texlive-uothesis' 'texlive-uothesis-doc' 'texlive-uowthesis' 'texlive-uowthesis-doc' 'texlive-uowthesistitlepage' 'texlive-uowthesistitlepage-doc' 'texlive-upca' 'texlive-upca-doc' 'texlive-updmap-map' 'texlive-uplatex' 'texlive-uplatex-bin' 'texlive-uplatex-doc' 'texlive-upmethodology' 'texlive-upmethodology-doc' 'texlive-upquote' 'texlive-upquote-doc' 'texlive-uptex' 'texlive-uptex-base' 'texlive-uptex-base-doc' 'texlive-uptex-bin' 'texlive-uptex-fonts' 'texlive-uptex-fonts-doc' 'texlive-urcls' 'texlive-urcls-doc' 'texlive-uri' 'texlive-uri-doc' 'texlive-url' 'texlive-url-doc' 'texlive-urlbst' 'texlive-urlbst-bin' 'texlive-urlbst-doc' 'texlive-urwchancal' 'texlive-urwchancal-doc' 'texlive-usebib' 'texlive-usebib-doc' 'texlive-ushort' 'texlive-ushort-doc' 'texlive-uspatent' 'texlive-uspatent-doc' 'texlive-ut-thesis' 'texlive-ut-thesis-doc' 'texlive-utf8mex' 'texlive-utf8mex-doc' 'texlive-utopia' 'texlive-utopia-doc' 'texlive-utopia-fonts' 'texlive-uwmslide' 'texlive-uwmslide-doc' 'texlive-uwthesis' 'texlive-uwthesis-doc' 'texlive-vak' 'texlive-vak-doc' 'texlive-vancouver' 'texlive-vancouver-doc' 'texlive-variations' 'texlive-variations-doc' 'texlive-varindex' 'texlive-varindex-doc' 'texlive-varisize' 'texlive-varisize-doc' 'texlive-varsfromjobname' 'texlive-varsfromjobname-doc' 'texlive-varwidth' 'texlive-varwidth-doc' 'texlive-vaucanson-g' 'texlive-vaucanson-g-doc' 'texlive-vdmlisting' 'texlive-vdmlisting-doc' 'texlive-velthuis' 'texlive-velthuis-doc' 'texlive-velthuis-fonts' 'texlive-venn' 'texlive-venn-doc' 'texlive-venndiagram' 'texlive-venndiagram-doc' 'texlive-venturisadf' 'texlive-venturisadf-doc' 'texlive-venturisadf-fonts' 'texlive-verbasef' 'texlive-verbasef-doc' 'texlive-verbatimbox' 'texlive-verbatimbox-doc' 'texlive-verbatimcopy' 'texlive-verbatimcopy-doc' 'texlive-verbdef' 'texlive-verbdef-doc' 'texlive-verbments' 'texlive-verbments-doc' 'texlive-verse' 'texlive-verse-doc' 'texlive-version' 'texlive-version-doc' 'texlive-versions' 'texlive-versions-doc' 'texlive-versonotes' 'texlive-versonotes-doc' 'texlive-vertbars' 'texlive-vertbars-doc' 'texlive-vgrid' 'texlive-vgrid-doc' 'texlive-vhistory' 'texlive-vhistory-doc' 'texlive-visualfaq' 'texlive-visualpstricks' 'texlive-visualtikz' 'texlive-vlna' 'texlive-vlna-bin' 'texlive-vmargin' 'texlive-vmargin-doc' 'texlive-vntex' 'texlive-vntex-doc' 'texlive-vntex-fonts' 'texlive-vocaltract' 'texlive-vocaltract-doc' 'texlive-volumes' 'texlive-volumes-doc' 'texlive-voss-mathcol' 'texlive-voss-mathmode' 'texlive-vpe' 'texlive-vpe-bin' 'texlive-vpe-doc' 'texlive-vruler' 'texlive-vruler-doc' 'texlive-vwcol' 'texlive-vwcol-doc' 'texlive-wadalab' 'texlive-wadalab-doc' 'texlive-wadalab-fonts' 'texlive-wallpaper' 'texlive-wallpaper-doc' 'texlive-warning' 'texlive-warning-doc' 'texlive-warpcol' 'texlive-warpcol-doc' 'texlive-was' 'texlive-was-doc' 'texlive-wasy' 'texlive-wasy-doc' 'texlive-wasy2-ps' 'texlive-wasy2-ps-doc' 'texlive-wasy2-ps-fonts' 'texlive-wasysym' 'texlive-wasysym-doc' 'texlive-web' 'texlive-web-bin' 'texlive-webguide' 'texlive-widetable' 'texlive-widetable-doc' 'texlive-williams' 'texlive-williams-doc' 'texlive-withargs' 'texlive-withargs-doc' 'texlive-wnri' 'texlive-wnri-doc' 'texlive-wnri-latex' 'texlive-wnri-latex-doc' 'texlive-wordlike' 'texlive-wordlike-doc' 'texlive-wrapfig' 'texlive-wrapfig-doc' 'texlive-wsemclassic' 'texlive-wsemclassic-doc' 'texlive-wsuipa' 'texlive-wsuipa-doc' 'texlive-xargs' 'texlive-xargs-doc' 'texlive-xassoccnt' 'texlive-xassoccnt-doc' 'texlive-xcharter' 'texlive-xcharter-doc' 'texlive-xcharter-fonts' 'texlive-xcite' 'texlive-xcite-doc' 'texlive-xcjk2uni' 'texlive-xcjk2uni-doc' 'texlive-xcolor' 'texlive-xcolor-doc' 'texlive-xcolor-solarized' 'texlive-xcolor-solarized-doc' 'texlive-xcomment' 'texlive-xcomment-doc' 'texlive-xcookybooky' 'texlive-xcookybooky-doc' 'texlive-xdoc' 'texlive-xdoc-doc' 'texlive-xduthesis' 'texlive-xduthesis-doc' 'texlive-xdvi' 'texlive-xdvi-bin' 'texlive-xdvi-doc' 'texlive-xebaposter' 'texlive-xebaposter-doc' 'texlive-xecjk' 'texlive-xecjk-doc' 'texlive-xecolor' 'texlive-xecolor-doc' 'texlive-xecyr' 'texlive-xecyr-doc' 'texlive-xeindex' 'texlive-xeindex-doc' 'texlive-xellipsis' 'texlive-xellipsis-doc' 'texlive-xepersian' 'texlive-xepersian-doc' 'texlive-xesearch' 'texlive-xesearch-doc' 'texlive-xespotcolor' 'texlive-xespotcolor-doc' 'texlive-xetex' 'texlive-xetex-bin' 'texlive-xetex-def' 'texlive-xetex-def-doc' 'texlive-xetex-devanagari' 'texlive-xetex-devanagari-doc' 'texlive-xetex-doc' 'texlive-xetex-itrans' 'texlive-xetex-itrans-doc' 'texlive-xetex-pstricks' 'texlive-xetex-pstricks-doc' 'texlive-xetex-tibetan' 'texlive-xetex-tibetan-doc' 'texlive-xetexconfig' 'texlive-xetexfontinfo' 'texlive-xetexfontinfo-doc' 'texlive-xetexko' 'texlive-xetexko-doc' 'texlive-xetexref' 'texlive-xevlna' 'texlive-xevlna-doc' 'texlive-xfor' 'texlive-xfor-doc' 'texlive-xgreek' 'texlive-xgreek-doc' 'texlive-xhfill' 'texlive-xhfill-doc' 'texlive-xifthen' 'texlive-xifthen-doc' 'texlive-xii' 'texlive-xint' 'texlive-xint-doc' 'texlive-xits' 'texlive-xits-doc' 'texlive-xits-fonts' 'texlive-xkeyval' 'texlive-xkeyval-doc' 'texlive-xlop' 'texlive-xlop-doc' 'texlive-xltxtra' 'texlive-xltxtra-doc' 'texlive-xmltex' 'texlive-xmltex-bin' 'texlive-xmltex-doc' 'texlive-xmltexconfig' 'texlive-xmpincl' 'texlive-xmpincl-doc' 'texlive-xnewcommand' 'texlive-xnewcommand-doc' 'texlive-xoptarg' 'texlive-xoptarg-doc' 'texlive-xpatch' 'texlive-xpatch-doc' 'texlive-xpeek' 'texlive-xpeek-doc' 'texlive-xpiano' 'texlive-xpiano-doc' 'texlive-xpicture' 'texlive-xpicture-doc' 'texlive-xpinyin' 'texlive-xpinyin-doc' 'texlive-xprintlen' 'texlive-xprintlen-doc' 'texlive-xpunctuate' 'texlive-xpunctuate-doc' 'texlive-xq' 'texlive-xq-doc' 'texlive-xsavebox' 'texlive-xsavebox-doc' 'texlive-xskak' 'texlive-xskak-doc' 'texlive-xstring' 'texlive-xstring-doc' 'texlive-xtab' 'texlive-xtab-doc' 'texlive-xunicode' 'texlive-xunicode-doc' 'texlive-xwatermark' 'texlive-xwatermark-doc' 'texlive-xyling' 'texlive-xyling-doc' 'texlive-xymtex' 'texlive-xymtex-doc' 'texlive-xypic' 'texlive-xypic-doc' 'texlive-xypic-fonts' 'texlive-xypic-tut-pt' 'texlive-xytree' 'texlive-xytree-doc' 'texlive-yafoot' 'texlive-yafoot-doc' 'texlive-yagusylo' 'texlive-yagusylo-doc' 'texlive-yannisgr' 'texlive-yannisgr-doc' 'texlive-yathesis' 'texlive-yathesis-doc' 'texlive-yax' 'texlive-yax-doc' 'texlive-ycbook' 'texlive-ycbook-doc' 'texlive-ydoc' 'texlive-ydoc-doc' 'texlive-yfonts' 'texlive-yfonts-doc' 'texlive-yfonts-t1' 'texlive-yfonts-t1-doc' 'texlive-yfonts-t1-fonts' 'texlive-yhmath' 'texlive-yhmath-doc' 'texlive-yhmath-fonts' 'texlive-yinit-otf' 'texlive-yinit-otf-doc' 'texlive-yinit-otf-fonts' 'texlive-york-thesis' 'texlive-york-thesis-doc' 'texlive-youngtab' 'texlive-youngtab-doc' 'texlive-yplan' 'texlive-yplan-bin' 'texlive-yplan-doc' 'texlive-ytableau' 'texlive-ytableau-doc' 'texlive-zapfchan' 'texlive-zapfchan-fonts' 'texlive-zapfding' 'texlive-zapfding-fonts' 'texlive-zed-csp' 'texlive-zed-csp-doc' 'texlive-zhmetrics' 'texlive-zhmetrics-doc' 'texlive-zhmetrics-uptex' 'texlive-zhmetrics-uptex-doc' 'texlive-zhnumber' 'texlive-zhnumber-doc' 'texlive-zhspacing' 'texlive-zhspacing-doc' 'texlive-ziffer' 'texlive-ziffer-doc' 'texlive-zlmtt' 'texlive-zlmtt-doc' 'texlive-zwgetfdate' 'texlive-zwgetfdate-doc' 'texlive-zwpagelayout' 'texlive-zwpagelayout-doc' 'texlive-zxjafbfont' 'texlive-zxjafbfont-doc' 'texlive-zxjafont' 'texlive-zxjafont-doc' 'texlive-zxjatype' 'texlive-zxjatype-doc' 'texmaker' 'texmath' 'texstudio' 'texworks' 'texworks-plugin-lua' 'texworks-plugin-python' 'tftp' 'tftp' 'tftpboot-installation-openSUSE-Leap-42.3-x86_64' 'tgt' 'thai-fonts' 'the_silver_searcher' 'the_silver_searcher' 'thermald' 'thessalonica-oldstandard-otf-fonts' 'thessalonica-oldstandard-ttf-fonts' 'thessalonica-tempora-lgc-otf-fonts' 'thessalonica-tempora-lgc-ttf-fonts' 'thessalonica-theano-otf-fonts' 'thessalonica-theano-ttf-fonts' 'thin-provisioning-tools' 'threadweaver-devel' 'threadweaver-devel-32bit' 'thrift' 'thryomanes-fonts' 'thttpd' 'thunar' 'thunar-devel' 'thunar-lang' 'thunar-plugin-archive' 'thunar-plugin-archive-lang' 'thunar-plugin-media-tags' 'thunar-plugin-media-tags-lang' 'thunar-plugin-shares' 'thunar-plugin-shares-lang' 'thunar-plugin-vcs' 'thunar-plugin-vcs-lang' 'thunar-sendto-blueman' 'thunar-volman' 'thunar-volman-branding-openSUSE' 'thunar-volman-branding-upstream' 'thunar-volman-lang' 'thunderbird' 'tibetan-machine-uni-fonts' 'tidy' 'tidy-doc' 'tidyp' 'tiff' 'tiff' 'tig' 'tigervnc' 'tilda' 'tilda-lang' 'tilde' 'tiled' 'timezone' 'timezone-java' 'timezone-java' 'timidity' 'timidity' 'tint2' 'tint2-lang' 'tintii' 'tinyb-devel' 'tinyca2' 'tinygettext-devel' 'tinyproxy' 'tinyxml-devel' 'tinyxml-docs' 'tinyxml2' 'tinyxml2-debugsource' 'tinyxml2-devel' 'tiobench' 'tipcutils' 'tix' 'tk' 'tk-32bit' 'tk-devel' 'tkdiff' 'tkfont' 'tkimg' 'tkimg-devel' 'tkinfo' 'tkirc' 'tkman' 'tktable' 'tkxcd' 'tls' 'tmate' 'tmon' 'tmpwatch' 'tmux' 'tmux-powerline' 'tmxtools' 'tn5250' 'tn5250-devel' 'tnef' 'tnef' 'tntdb-doc' 'tntdb-mysql' 'tntdb-postgresql' 'tntdb-replicate' 'tntdb-sqlite' 'tntnet' 'tntnet' 'tntnet-debuginfo' 'tntnet-debugsource' 'tog-pegasus' 'tog-pegasus-devel' 'tog-pegasus-libs' 'tog-pegasus-test' 'togaII-131' 'togaII-131' 'togaII-131-debuginfo' 'togaII-134' 'togaII-134' 'togaII-134-debuginfo' 'togaII-141' 'togaII-141' 'togaII-142' 'togaII-142' 'togaII-142-debuginfo' 'tokyocabinet' 'tokyocabinet-cgi' 'tokyocabinet-testsuite' 'tolua' 'tolua' 'tolua-debuginfo' 'tolua-debugsource' 'toluapp-5.1' 'tomahawk' 'tomahawk-kde' 'tomatoes' 'tomcat' 'tomcat' 'tomcat-admin-webapps' 'tomcat-docs-webapp' 'tomcat-el-3_0-api' 'tomcat-embed' 'tomcat-javadoc' 'tomcat-jsp-2_3-api' 'tomcat-jsvc' 'tomcat-lib' 'tomcat-servlet-3_1-api' 'tomcat-webapps' 'tomoe' 'tomoe-devel' 'tomoe-doc' 'tomoe-gtk' 'tomoe-gtk-devel' 'tomoe-gtk-doc' 'tomoe-gtk-lang' 'tomoyo-tools' 'topal' 'topal' 'tor' 'tor' 'torbrowser-apparmor-profile' 'torbrowser-launcher' 'torbrowser-launcher' 'torbrowser-launcher-lang' 'torrentinfo' 'torrentinfo' 'torsocks' 'totem' 'totem-devel' 'totem-lang' 'totem-pl-parser-devel' 'totem-plugin-gnome-dvb-daemon' 'totem-plugin-zeitgeist' 'totem-plugins' 'touchegg' 'touchegg-gui' 'tovid' 'tovid' 'tpm-tools' 'tpm-tools-devel' 'tpm-tools-pkcs11' 'tpm2-0-tss' 'tpm2-0-tss-devel' 'tpm2.0-tools' 'trace-cmd' 'tracker' 'tracker-devel' 'tracker-gui' 'tracker-lang' 'tracker-miner-files' 'tracker-miner-rss' 'trader' 'trader-lang' 'tragtor' 'tragtor' 'trang' 'transactional-update' 'transcode' 'transcode-debuginfo' 'transcode-debugsource' 'transconnect' 'transfig' 'transfig' 'transifex-client' 'translate-shell' 'translate-toolkit' 'translate-toolkit' 'translate-toolkit-devel-doc' 'translation-update-ar' 'translation-update-as' 'translation-update-ast' 'translation-update-be' 'translation-update-be-latin' 'translation-update-bg' 'translation-update-bn' 'translation-update-bn_IN' 'translation-update-ca' 'translation-update-ca-valencia' 'translation-update-cs' 'translation-update-da' 'translation-update-de' 'translation-update-dz' 'translation-update-el' 'translation-update-en-shaw' 'translation-update-en_CA' 'translation-update-en_GB' 'translation-update-eo' 'translation-update-es' 'translation-update-et' 'translation-update-eu' 'translation-update-fa' 'translation-update-fi' 'translation-update-fr' 'translation-update-ga' 'translation-update-gl' 'translation-update-gu' 'translation-update-he' 'translation-update-hi' 'translation-update-hr' 'translation-update-hu' 'translation-update-ia' 'translation-update-id' 'translation-update-is' 'translation-update-it' 'translation-update-ja' 'translation-update-kk' 'translation-update-km' 'translation-update-kn' 'translation-update-ko' 'translation-update-lt' 'translation-update-lv' 'translation-update-mai' 'translation-update-mk' 'translation-update-ml' 'translation-update-mr' 'translation-update-nb' 'translation-update-nb_NO' 'translation-update-nds' 'translation-update-ne' 'translation-update-nl' 'translation-update-nn' 'translation-update-or' 'translation-update-pa' 'translation-update-pl' 'translation-update-pt' 'translation-update-pt_BR' 'translation-update-pt_PT' 'translation-update-ro' 'translation-update-ru' 'translation-update-sk' 'translation-update-sl' 'translation-update-sq' 'translation-update-sr' 'translation-update-sr-ije' 'translation-update-sr-latin' 'translation-update-sv' 'translation-update-ta' 'translation-update-te' 'translation-update-th' 'translation-update-tr' 'translation-update-ug' 'translation-update-uk' 'translation-update-upstream' 'translation-update-vi' 'translation-update-wa' 'translation-update-zh_CN' 'translation-update-zh_HK' 'translation-update-zh_TW' 'transmageddon' 'transmageddon-lang' 'transmission' 'transmission-common' 'transmission-daemon' 'transmission-gtk' 'transmission-gtk-lang' 'transmission-qt' 'transmission-qt-lang' 'transset' 'trapproto-devel' 'tre' 'tre' 'tre-devel' 'tre-lang' 'tree' 'treeline' 'trigger-rally' 'trinity' 'tripwire' 'trojita' 'trousers' 'trousers-devel' 'trustedgrub' 'trustedgrub2' 'trustedgrub2-i386-pc' 'tryton' 'tryton' 'trytond' 'trytond' 'trytond_account' 'trytond_account' 'trytond_account_invoice' 'trytond_account_invoice_stock' 'trytond_account_product' 'trytond_calendar' 'trytond_company' 'trytond_company' 'trytond_country' 'trytond_currency' 'trytond_currency' 'trytond_party' 'trytond_product' 'trytond_product' 'trytond_purchase' 'trytond_purchase' 'trytond_purchase_request' 'trytond_purchase_request' 'trytond_stock' 'trytond_stock' 'trytond_stock_lot' 'trytond_stock_supply' 'tse3' 'tse3-devel' 'tslib' 'tslib-devel' 'tslib-devel-32bit' 'tslib-plugins' 'tsung' 'ttaenc' 'ttaenc' 'ttaenc-debuginfo' 'ttf2pt1' 'tuladha-jejeg-fonts' 'tumbler' 'tumbler' 'tumbler-devel' 'tumbler-doc' 'tumbler-lang' 'tunapie' 'tunapie' 'tunctl' 'tuned-gtk' 'tuned-profiles-atomic' 'tuned-profiles-sap' 'tuned-profiles-sap-hana' 'tuned-utils-systemtap' 'tupi' 'tupi' 'tupi-debuginfo' 'tupi-debugsource' 'tupi-plugins' 'tupi-plugins-debuginfo' 'turing' 'turing' 'turing-devel' 'turnpike' 'turpial' 'tuxcursors' 'tuxpaint' 'tuxpaint-config' 'tuxpaint-config-lang' 'tuxpaint-devel' 'tuxpaint-stamps' 'tuxpaint-stamps-animals' 'tuxpaint-stamps-clothes' 'tuxpaint-stamps-food' 'tuxpaint-stamps-hobbies' 'tuxpaint-stamps-household' 'tuxpaint-stamps-medical' 'tuxpaint-stamps-military' 'tuxpaint-stamps-naturalforces' 'tuxpaint-stamps-people' 'tuxpaint-stamps-plants' 'tuxpaint-stamps-seasonal' 'tuxpaint-stamps-space' 'tuxpaint-stamps-sports' 'tuxpaint-stamps-symbols' 'tuxpaint-stamps-town' 'tuxpaint-stamps-vehicles' 'tv-common' 'tv-fonts' 'tvbrowser' 'tvflash' 'tvheadend' 'tvnamer' 'tvnamer' 'tvtime' 'twemoji-color-font' 'twilio-utils' 'twinkle' 'twm' 'twolame' 'twolame' 'twolame-debuginfo' 'twolame-debugsource' 'txt2man' 'txt2tags' 'typelib-1_0-Accounts-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-AccountsService-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Anjuta-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-AppIndicator-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-AppIndicator3-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-AppStream-1.0' 'typelib-1_0-AppStreamBuilder-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-AppStreamGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-AtrilDocument-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-AtrilView-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-Atspi-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Avahi-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-Bamf-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-BraseroBurn-3_2_0' 'typelib-1_0-BraseroMedia-3_2_0' 'typelib-1_0-BuzztraxCore-1_1' 'typelib-1_0-BuzztraxIc-1_1' 'typelib-1_0-CMenu-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Caja-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Caribou-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Champlain-0_12' 'typelib-1_0-Cheese-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-CinnamonDesktop-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-CjsPrivate-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-ClutterGst-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Cogl-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-CoglGst-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-CoglPango-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-ColorHug-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Colord-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-ColordGtk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-CryptUI-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Cvc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Dbusmenu-0_4' 'typelib-1_0-DbusmenuGtk-0_4' 'typelib-1_0-DbusmenuGtk3-0_4' 'typelib-1_0-Dee-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-EBook-1_2' 'typelib-1_0-EBookContacts-1_2' 'typelib-1_0-EDataServer-1_2' 'typelib-1_0-Eek-0_90' 'typelib-1_0-Eom-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Farstream-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-Farstream-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-Fcitx-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Flatpak-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Folks-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-FolksEds-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-FolksTelepathy-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-FolksTracker-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-GData-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-GES-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GExiv2-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GFBGraph-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-GMenu-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GMime-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-GOffice-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GPaste-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GSSDP-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GSound-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GSystem-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GTop-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnP-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPAV-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPDLNA-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPDLNAGst-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUPnPIgd-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUdev-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GUsb-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GVnc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GVncPulse-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GWeather-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GXPS-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-Gck-1' 'typelib-1_0-Gcr-3' 'typelib-1_0-GcrUi-3' 'typelib-1_0-Gda-5_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gdaui-5_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gdl-3' 'typelib-1_0-Gdm-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gee-0_8' 'typelib-1_0-Gee-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Geoclue-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GeocodeGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Ggit-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gitg-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GitgExt-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gladeui-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeAutoar-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeAutoarGtk-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeBluetooth-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeDesktop-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GoVirt-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Goa-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gom-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GooCanvas-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Granite-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Grl-0_3' 'typelib-1_0-GrlNet-0_3' 'typelib-1_0-GrlPls-0_3' 'typelib-1_0-Grss-0_7' 'typelib-1_0-Gsf-1' 'typelib-1_0-Gspell-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gst-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GstAllocators-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstApp-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GstApp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstFft-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstInterfaces-0_10' 'typelib-1_0-GstRtp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstRtsp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstRtspServer-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstSdp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstTranscoder-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstValidate-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gtd-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkSpell-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkVnc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkVnc-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gucharmap-2_90' 'typelib-1_0-Ido3-0_1' 'typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Keybinder-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Keybinder-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Libmsi-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Libosinfo-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtGConfig-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtGLib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtGObject-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LibvirtSandbox-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-LightDM-1' 'typelib-1_0-MateDesktop-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-MateMenu-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-MatePanelApplet-4_0' 'typelib-1_0-Matekbd-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-MediaArt-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-MediaArt-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Memphis-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-Meta-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-MetaMuffin-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-ModemManager-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-NM-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-NMClient-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-NMGtk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Nautilus-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Nemo-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-NetworkManager-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-OSTree-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-OsmGpsMap-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Peas-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-PeasGtk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Pluma-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Polari-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-PolkitGtkMate-1.0' 'typelib-1_0-Poppler-0_18' 'typelib-1_0-Rest-0_7' 'typelib-1_0-Rsvg-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-RygelCore-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-RygelRenderer-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-RygelRendererGst-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-RygelServer-2_6' 'typelib-1_0-Secret-1' 'typelib-1_0-Signon-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Skk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-SocialWebClient-0_25' 'typelib-1_0-SpiceClientGlib-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-SpiceClientGtk-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-TelepathyFarstream-0_6' 'typelib-1_0-TelepathyGlib-0_12' 'typelib-1_0-TelepathyLogger-0_2' 'typelib-1_0-TotemPlParser-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Tracker-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-TrackerControl-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-TrackerMiner-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-UDisks-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Uhm-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Unique-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Unique-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-UpowerGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Urfkill-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-Vips-8_0' 'typelib-1_0-Vte-2.91' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit2WebExtension-4_0' 'typelib-1_0-Wnck-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Wnck-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-XApp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-XdgApp-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Xkl-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-XplayerPlParser-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-XreaderDocument-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-XreaderView-1_5_0' 'typelib-1_0-Zeitgeist-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Zpj-0_0' 'typelib-1_0-gSignon-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-gSignond-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-kkc-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-libmirage-3_0' 'tzdb' 'u-boot-tools' 'u2f-host' 'u2f-server' 'u3-tool' 'uClibc' 'uClibc-devel' 'uae' 'uae' 'uae-debuginfo' 'uae-debugsource' 'ubuntu-fonts' 'ubuntu-mate-icon-theme' 'ubuntu-mate-wallpapers' 'ubuntu-mono-icon-theme' 'uchardet' 'uchardet' 'uchardet-debuginfo' 'uchardet-debugsource' 'ucm' 'ucode-intel' 'ucode-intel-blob' 'ucommon' 'ucommon-devel' 'ucpp' 'ucpp-devel' 'udav' 'udev-browse' 'udev-mini' 'udev-persistent-ifnames' 'udftools' 'udhcp' 'udisks2-devel' 'udt' 'udt-debugsource' 'udt-devel' 'udt-doc' 'ufiformat' 'ufraw' 'ufraw-lang' 'ufw' 'ufw-lang' 'uget' 'uget-lang' 'uhd-devel' 'uhd-doc' 'uhd-firmware' 'uhd-udev' 'uhttpmock-devel' 'uid_wrapper' 'uisp' 'ullae-veliyae' 'ulogd' 'ulogd-mysql' 'ulogd-pcap' 'ulogd-pgsql' 'ulogd-sqlite3' 'umbrello' 'uml-utilities' 'umoci' 'un-fonts' 'unar' 'unbound' 'unbound-anchor' 'unbound-devel' 'unbound-munin' 'unbound-python' 'unclutter' 'uncrustify' 'unibilium-devel' 'unicode-ucd' 'unicode-ucd-unihan' 'unifdef' 'unifraktur-fonts' 'unionfs-fuse' 'uniraum' 'uniraum' 'uniraum-debuginfo' 'uniraum-debugsource' 'uniraum-devel' 'unison' 'units' 'unittest-cpp' 'unittest-cpp-devel' 'unity-gtk-module-common' 'unity-gtk2-module' 'unity-gtk3-module' 'unixODBC' 'unixODBC-32bit' 'unixODBC-devel' 'unixbench' 'unmass' 'unpaper' 'unsermake' 'unshield' 'unzip-rcc' 'unzix' 'update-bootloader-rpm-macros' 'update-test-32bit-pkg' 'update-test-32bit-pkg-32bit' 'update-test-affects-package-manager' 'update-test-feature' 'update-test-interactive' 'update-test-optional' 'update-test-reboot-needed' 'update-test-relogin-suggested' 'update-test-security' 'update-test-trivial' 'update_test' 'uperf' 'upnp-inspector' 'upx' 'upx' 'urbanlightscape' 'urcu-docs' 'urfkill' 'uriparse' 'urlscan' 'urlview' 'urlwatch' 'urxvt-font-size' 'urxvt-perls' 'us428control' 'usbip' 'usbip-devel' 'usbmuxd' 'usbprog' 'usbprog-devel' 'usbprog-gui' 'usbredir' 'usbredir-devel' 'usbview' 'ushare' 'usnic_tools' 'usx2yloader' 'utempter-devel' 'utempter-devel-32bit' 'utf8proc-devel' 'utfcpp-devel' 'uthash' 'util-linux' 'util-linux-systemd' 'util-macros-devel' 'utils-libnfs' 'utils-libnfs-debuginfo' 'uucp' 'uucp-xinetd' 'uudeview' 'uuid-devel' 'uuidd' 'uvcdynctrl' 'uwsgi' 'uwsgi-emperor_pg' 'uwsgi-emperor_zeromq' 'uwsgi-geoip' 'uwsgi-gevent' 'uwsgi-glusterfs' 'uwsgi-greenlet' 'uwsgi-jvm' 'uwsgi-ldap' 'uwsgi-libffi' 'uwsgi-logzmq' 'uwsgi-lua' 'uwsgi-pam' 'uwsgi-psgi' 'uwsgi-pypy' 'uwsgi-python' 'uwsgi-python3' 'uwsgi-sqlite3' 'uwsgi-xslt' 'v4l-conf' 'v4l-tools' 'v4l-utils' 'v4l-utils-devel-tools' 'v4l-utils-lang' 'v8' 'v8-devel' 'v8-private-headers-devel' 'vaapi-intel-driver' 'vaapi-intel-driver-32bit' 'vaapi-tools' 'vaapi-wayland-tools' 'vacation' 'vacuum-im' 'vacuum-im-devel' 'vacuum-im-lang' 'vacuum-im-plugins-dbusnotifications' 'vacuum-im-plugins-gmailnotify' 'vacuum-im-plugins-kinotifications' 'vacuum-im-plugins-spellchecker' 'vacuum-im-plugins-usermood' 'vacuum-im-plugins-usertune' 'vala' 'vala-panel' 'vala-panel-appmenu-lang' 'vala-panel-devel' 'vala-panel-extras-battery' 'vala-panel-extras-gtop' 'vala-panel-extras-lang' 'vala-panel-extras-volume' 'vala-panel-extras-weather' 'vala-panel-extras-xkb' 'vala-panel-extras-xkb-flags' 'vala-panel-lang' 'vala-panel-plugin-appmenu' 'vala-panel-plugin-sntray' 'vala-panel-plugin-sntray-lang' 'vala-panel-plugins-base' 'vala-panel-plugins-wnck' 'valgrind' 'valgrind-devel' 'vamp-aubio-plugins' 'vamp-aubio-plugins' 'vamp-aubio-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamp-libxtract-plugins' 'vamp-libxtract-plugins' 'vamp-libxtract-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamp-match-plugin' 'vamp-match-plugin' 'vamp-match-plugin-debuginfo' 'vamp-match-plugin-debugsource' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamp-mazurka-plugins-debugsource' 'vamp-plugin-sdk' 'vamp-plugin-sdk-devel' 'vamp-plugin-tester' 'vamp-plugin-tester' 'vamp-plugin-tester-debuginfo' 'vamp-plugin-tester-debugsource' 'vamp-qm-plugins' 'vamp-qm-plugins' 'vamp-qm-plugins-debuginfo' 'vamps' 'vamps' 'variety' 'varnish' 'varnish-devel' 'vbrfix' 'vbrfix' 'vbrfix-debuginfo' 'vbrfix-debugsource' 'vcdimager-devel' 'vclt-tools' 'vclt-tools' 'vcron' 'vcsh' 'vcsh-zsh-completion' 'vde2' 'vde2-cryptcab' 'vde2-slirp' 'vdr' 'vdr-devel' 'vdr-devel-doc' 'vdr-lang' 'vdr-plugin-epgsearch' 'vdr-plugin-femon' 'vdr-plugin-mcli' 'vdr-plugin-mcli' 'vdr-plugin-mcli-debuginfo' 'vdr-plugin-mcli-debugsource' 'vdr-plugin-remote' 'vdr-plugin-satip' 'vdr-plugin-streamdev-client' 'vdr-plugin-streamdev-server' 'vdr-plugin-xineliboutput' 'vdr-xineliboutput-client' 'vegastrike' 'vegastrike-data' 'vegastrike-extra' 'vegastrike-music' 'vegastrike-speech' 'verilator' 'verilator-doc' 'verilator-doc-pdf' 'verilator-examples' 'veusz' 'vhba-kmp' 'vhba-kmp-default' 'vhostmd' 'vid_stab' 'vid_stab-debugsource' 'vidcutter' 'vidcutter' 'videoporama' 'videoporama' 'videoproto-devel' 'viewnior' 'viewnior-lang' 'viewres' 'viewvc' 'vifm' 'vifm-colors' 'vigra-devel' 'vim-plugin-NERDcommenter' 'vim-plugin-NERDtree' 'vim-plugin-a' 'vim-plugin-ack' 'vim-plugin-align' 'vim-plugin-bufexplorer' 'vim-plugin-calendar' 'vim-plugin-colorschemes' 'vim-plugin-colorsel' 'vim-plugin-conky' 'vim-plugin-devhelp' 'vim-plugin-diffchanges' 'vim-plugin-editorconfig' 'vim-plugin-fugitive' 'vim-plugin-gitdiff' 'vim-plugin-gnupg' 'vim-plugin-latex' 'vim-plugin-locateopen' 'vim-plugin-matrix' 'vim-plugin-minibufexpl' 'vim-plugin-multiplesearch' 'vim-plugin-nginx' 'vim-plugin-powerline' 'vim-plugin-project' 'vim-plugin-quilt' 'vim-plugin-rails' 'vim-plugin-searchcomplete' 'vim-plugin-showmarks' 'vim-plugin-snipmate' 'vim-plugin-supertab' 'vim-plugin-taglist' 'vim-plugin-tlib' 'vim-plugin-tregisters' 'vim-plugin-tselectbuffer' 'vim-plugin-tselectfiles' 'vim-plugin-utl' 'vim-plugin-vimwiki' 'vim-plugin-zoomwin' 'vimpc' 'vimpc' 'vimpc-debuginfo' 'vimpc-debugsource' 'vinagre' 'vinagre-lang' 'vino' 'vino-lang' 'vips-doc' 'vips-tools' 'virglrenderer-devel' 'virglrenderer-test-server' 'virt-install' 'virt-manager' 'virt-manager' 'virt-manager-common' 'virt-p2v' 'virt-sandbox' 'virt-top' 'virt-v2v' 'virt-viewer' 'virt-what' 'virtaal' 'virtaal-lang' 'virtualbox' 'virtualbox' 'virtualbox-devel' 'virtualbox-guest-desktop-icons' 'virtualbox-guest-kmp-default' 'virtualbox-guest-source' 'virtualbox-guest-tools' 'virtualbox-guest-x11' 'virtualbox-host-kmp-default' 'virtualbox-host-source' 'virtualbox-qt' 'virtualbox-vnc' 'virtualbox-websrv' 'virtuoso-drivers' 'virtuoso-server' 'visualjackm' 'visualjackm' 'visualjackm-debuginfo' 'visualjackm-debugsource' 'vivaldi' 'vivaldi' 'vivaldi-debuginfo' 'vkeybd' 'vlc' 'vlc-beta' 'vlc-beta' 'vlc-beta-codecs' 'vlc-beta-codecs-debuginfo' 'vlc-beta-debuginfo' 'vlc-beta-debugsource' 'vlc-beta-devel' 'vlc-beta-noX' 'vlc-beta-noX-debuginfo' 'vlc-beta-noX-lang' 'vlc-beta-qt' 'vlc-beta-qt-debuginfo' 'vlc-codecs-debuginfo' 'vlc-debuginfo' 'vlc-debugsource' 'vlc-devel' 'vlc-gnome' 'vlc-gnome-debuginfo' 'vlc-noX-debuginfo' 'vlc-noX-lang' 'vlc-qt-debuginfo' 'vlgothic-fonts' 'vlmc' 'vlmc' 'vlmc-debuginfo' 'vlmc-debugsource' 'vlock' 'vm-dump-metrics' 'vm-dump-metrics-devel' 'vm-install' 'vm-install' 'vmmlib' 'vmmlib-devel' 'vmmlib-doc' 'vms-empire' 'vncmanager' 'vncmanager' 'vncmanager-controller' 'vncmanager-controller-gnome' 'vncmanager-greeter' 'vnstat' 'vnstat-cgi' 'vo-aacenc' 'vo-aacenc-debugsource' 'vo-amrwbenc' 'vo-amrwbenc-debugsource' 'vobcopy' 'vobcopy' 'vobcopy-debuginfo' 'vobcopy-debugsource' 'vodovod' 'voikkospell' 'voip' 'vokoscreen' 'vokoscreen' 'vokoscreen-debuginfo' 'vokoscreen-debugsource' 'vollkorn-fonts' 'volti' 'volti' 'vorbisgain' 'votca-tools-devel' 'voxelands' 'vpcs' 'vpx-tools' 'vsftpd' 'vsftpd' 'vsqlite++-devel' 'vsqlite++-doc' 'vtcl' 'vte-devel' 'vte-lang' 'vte-tools' 'vte016-sharp' 'vte2-devel' 'vte2-lang' 'vte2-tools' 'vtk' 'vtk-devel' 'vtk-examples' 'vtk-java' 'vtk-qt' 'vtk-tcl' 'vtkdata' 'vulkan' 'vulkan-devel' 'vusb-analyzer' 'vusb-analyzer' 'vym' 'w3c-markup-validator' 'w3c-markup-validator-libs' 'w3mir' 'w_scan' 'wadptr' 'waf' 'waffle' 'waffle-devel' 'wallstreet' 'waltham-devel' 'wammu' 'wammu-lang' 'wang-fonts' 'warzone2100' 'warzone2100-data' 'watchman' 'watchman-python' 'wavemon' 'wavpack' 'wavpack' 'wavpack-devel' 'wayland-devel' 'wayland-devel-32bit' 'wbxml2-tools' 'wcd' 'wcslib-devel' 'wcslib-doc' 'wcslib-tools' 'wdfs' 'wdiff' 'wdiff-lang' 'weather-wallpaper' 'weather-wallpaper-lang' 'webalizer' 'webalizer-flags' 'webdot' 'webenginepart' 'webkit-jsc-1' 'webkit-jsc-3' 'webkit-jsc-4' 'webkit-sharp' 'webkit2gtk3' 'webkit2gtk3-devel' 'webkit2gtk3-plugin-process-gtk2' 'webkitgtk-sharp' 'webkitgtk-sharp-devel' 'webrtc-audio-processing' 'webrtc-audio-processing-debugsource' 'websocketpp-devel' 'weechat' 'weechat' 'weechat-aspell' 'weechat-devel' 'weechat-guile' 'weechat-lang' 'weechat-lua' 'weechat-perl' 'weechat-python' 'weechat-ruby' 'weechat-tcl' 'werken-xpath' 'werken-xpath-javadoc' 'wesnoth' 'wesnoth-campaign-server' 'wesnoth-data' 'wesnoth-fslayout' 'wesnoth-server' 'wesnoth-tools' 'weston' 'weston-devel' 'wget' 'wgetpaste' 'when-command' 'when-command-lang' 'whfc' 'whohas' 'whois' 'wicked' 'wiggle' 'wiiuse-devel' 'wine-devel' 'wine-devel-32bit' 'wine-gecko' 'wine-mp3' 'wine-mp3-debuginfo-32bit' 'wineasio' 'wineasio' 'wineasio-debuginfo' 'wineasio-debugsource' 'winff' 'winff' 'winff-debuginfo' 'winff-debugsource' 'winff-lang' 'winrs' 'wipe' 'wireless-regdb' 'wireshark' 'wireshark' 'wireshark-devel' 'wireshark-ui-gtk' 'wireshark-ui-qt' 'withlock' 'wizznic' 'wlc-devel' 'wm-icons' 'wmakerconf' 'wmctrl' 'wmgui' 'wminput' 'wmpomme' 'wnck-sharp' 'wodim' 'wondershaper' 'woof' 'woof' 'wordcut' 'wordcut-devel' 'wordnet' 'wordnet-devel' 'words-british' 'words-canadian' 'wpa_supplicant' 'wpa_supplicant-gui' 'wput' 'wput' 'wput-debuginfo' 'wput-debugsource' 'wput-lang' 'wqy-bitmap-fonts' 'wqy-microhei-fonts' 'wqy-zenhei-fonts' 'writerperfect' 'wrk' 'ws-jaxme' 'ws-jaxme-javadoc' 'ws-jaxme-manual' 'wsdl4j' 'wsdl4j-javadoc' 'wslay' 'wslay-devel' 'wsmancli' 'wt' 'wt-dbo' 'wt-devel' 'wt-doc' 'wumpus' 'wv' 'wv-devel' 'wv2-devel' 'wvdial' 'wvstreams' 'wvstreams-devel' 'wwwoffle' 'wxMaxima' 'wxMaxima' 'wxWidgets-3_0' 'wxWidgets-3_0-devel' 'wxWidgets-3_0-devel-32bit' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-debugsource' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-devel' 'wxWidgets-3_0-nostl-devel-debuginfo' 'wxWidgets-3_0-plugin-sound_sdlu-3_0' 'wxWidgets-3_0-plugin-sound_sdlu-3_0-32bit' 'wxWidgets-ansi-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-ansi-devel' 'wxWidgets-ansi-plugin-sound_sdl-2_8-wxcontainer' 'wxWidgets-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-devel' 'wxWidgets-docs' 'wxWidgets-fedora-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-lang' 'wxWidgets-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-stl' 'wxWidgets-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-stl-32bit' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer-devel' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-wxcontainer' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-compat-lib-config' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-devel' 'wxWidgets-wxcontainer24c-plugin-sound_sdlu-2_8-wxcontainer24c' 'wxcam' 'wxcam' 'wxcam-debuginfo' 'wxcam-debugsource' 'wxhexeditor' 'wxhexeditor-lang' 'wxlua' 'wxlua-devel' 'wxsqlite3' 'wxsqlite3-debugsource' 'wxsqlite3-devel' 'wxstedit' 'wxstedit-devel' 'wxsvg' 'wxsvg' 'wxsvg-debuginfo' 'wxsvg-debugsource' 'wyrd' 'wyrmsun' 'x-tile' 'x-tile-lang' 'x11-japanese-bitmap-fonts' 'x11perf' 'x11vnc' 'x11vnc-frontend' 'x264' 'x264-debuginfo' 'x265' 'x265' 'x265-debuginfo' 'x265-debugsource' 'x2x' 'x3270' 'x86' 'x86info' 'xalan-c' 'xalan-j2' 'xalan-j2-demo' 'xalan-j2-manual' 'xalan-j2-xsltc' 'xano-mincho-fonts' 'xaos' 'xaos-lang' 'xapian-core' 'xapian-core-doc' 'xapian-core-examples' 'xapps-common' 'xar' 'xautomation' 'xaw3dd' 'xawtv' 'xbacklight' 'xbanish' 'xbase' 'xbase-devel' 'xbase-doc' 'xbench' 'xbiff' 'xbindkeys' 'xbitmaps-devel' 'xboard' 'xboard' 'xboard-debuginfo' 'xboard-debugsource' 'xbomb' 'xboxdrv' 'xbrlapi' 'xbsql' 'xbsql-devel' 'xcalc' 'xcalib' 'xcalib-profiles' 'xcb' 'xcb-util-cursor-devel' 'xcb-util-cursor-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-devel' 'xcb-util-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-errors-devel' 'xcb-util-image-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-keysyms-devel' 'xcb-util-keysyms-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-renderutil-devel' 'xcb-util-renderutil-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-wm-devel' 'xcb-util-wm-devel-32bit' 'xcb-util-xrm-devel' 'xcfa' 'xcfa' 'xcfa-debuginfo' 'xcfa-lang' 'xchm' 'xclass' 'xclass-devel' 'xclipboard' 'xclock' 'xcm' 'xcmiscproto-devel' 'xcmsdb' 'xcolors' 'xcompmgr' 'xcoral' 'xcowsay' 'xcursor-themes' 'xcursorgen' 'xdbedizzy' 'xdelta' 'xdelta-devel' 'xdelta3' 'xdemorse' 'xdemorse' 'xdemorse-debuginfo' 'xdemorse-debugsource' 'xdg-app' 'xdg-app-devel' 'xdg-desktop-portal' 'xdg-desktop-portal-devel' 'xdg-desktop-portal-gtk' 'xdg-desktop-portal-gtk-lang' 'xdg-desktop-portal-kde' 'xdg-desktop-portal-kde' 'xdg-desktop-portal-kde-lang' 'xdg-desktop-portal-lang' 'xdg-user-dirs-gtk' 'xdg-user-dirs-gtk-lang' 'xdiskusage' 'xditview' 'xdmsc' 'xdotool' 'xdotool-devel' 'xdpyinfo' 'xdriinfo' 'xed' 'xed-devel' 'xed-lang' 'xedit' 'xemacs' 'xemacs-el' 'xemacs-info' 'xemacs-packages' 'xemacs-packages-el' 'xemacs-packages-info' 'xen' 'xen' 'xen-devel' 'xen-doc-html' 'xen-libs' 'xen-libs-32bit' 'xen-tools' 'xen-tools-domU' 'xen_server' 'xengine' 'xerces-c' 'xerces-j2' 'xerces-j2' 'xerces-j2-demo' 'xerces-j2-scripts' 'xerces-j2-xml-resolver' 'xev' 'xeyes' 'xf86-input-evdev-devel' 'xf86-input-joystick-devel' 'xf86-input-libinput-devel' 'xf86-input-mouse-devel' 'xf86-input-synaptics-devel' 'xf86-input-wacom-devel' 'xf86-video-amdgpu' 'xf86-video-ark' 'xf86-video-ast' 'xf86-video-ati' 'xf86-video-chips' 'xf86-video-cirrus' 'xf86-video-dummy' 'xf86-video-fbturbo' 'xf86-video-glint' 'xf86-video-i128' 'xf86-video-intel' 'xf86-video-intel-32bit' 'xf86-video-mach64' 'xf86-video-mga' 'xf86-video-neomagic' 'xf86-video-nv' 'xf86-video-openchrome' 'xf86-video-qxl' 'xf86-video-r128' 'xf86-video-savage' 'xf86-video-siliconmotion' 'xf86-video-sis' 'xf86-video-sisusb' 'xf86-video-tdfx' 'xf86-video-tga' 'xf86-video-trident' 'xf86-video-v4l' 'xf86-video-vmware' 'xf86-video-voodoo' 'xf86bigfontproto-devel' 'xf86dga' 'xf86dgaproto-devel' 'xf86driproto-devel' 'xf86miscproto-devel' 'xf86rushproto-devel' 'xfburn' 'xfburn-lang' 'xfce' 'xfce4-appfinder' 'xfce4-appfinder-lang' 'xfce4-dev-tools' 'xfce4-dict' 'xfce4-dict-lang' 'xfce4-icon-theme' 'xfce4-mixer' 'xfce4-mixer-lang' 'xfce4-notifyd' 'xfce4-notifyd-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-notifyd-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-notifyd-lang' 'xfce4-panel' 'xfce4-panel-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-panel-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-panel-devel' 'xfce4-panel-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-appmenu' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-battery' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-battery-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-clipman' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-clipman-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpufreq' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpufreq-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpugraph' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-cpugraph-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-datetime' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-datetime-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-dict' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-diskperf' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-diskperf-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-eyes' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-eyes-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-fsguard' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-fsguard-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-genmon' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-genmon-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mailwatch' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mailwatch-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mixer' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mount' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mount-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mpc' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-mpc-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-multiload-nandhp' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-netload' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-netload-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-netspeed' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-notes' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-notes-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-places' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-places-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-power-manager' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-pulseaudio' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-screenshooter' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors-devel' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sensors-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-smartbookmark' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-smartbookmark-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-sntray' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-systemload' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-systemload-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timeout' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timeout-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timer' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-timer-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-verve' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-verve-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-wavelan' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-wavelan-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-weather' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-weather' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-weather-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-whiskermenu' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-whiskermenu-lang' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-xkb' 'xfce4-panel-plugin-xkb-lang' 'xfce4-power-manager' 'xfce4-power-manager-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-power-manager-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-power-manager-lang' 'xfce4-screenshooter' 'xfce4-screenshooter' 'xfce4-screenshooter-lang' 'xfce4-session' 'xfce4-session-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-session-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-session-devel' 'xfce4-session-lang' 'xfce4-settings' 'xfce4-settings' 'xfce4-settings-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-settings-branding-upstream' 'xfce4-settings-lang' 'xfce4-splash-branding-openSUSE' 'xfce4-taskmanager' 'xfce4-taskmanager-lang' 'xfce4-terminal' 'xfce4-terminal-lang' 'xfce4-vala' 'xfce4-volumed' 'xfce4-volumed-pulse' 'xfconf' 'xfconf-lang' 'xfd' 'xfdesktop' 'xfdesktop' 'xfdesktop-branding-openSUSE' 'xfdesktop-branding-upstream' 'xfdesktop-lang' 'xfig' 'xfindproxy' 'xfishtank' 'xflr5' 'xfmpc' 'xfmpc-lang' 'xfontsel' 'xfs' 'xfsdump' 'xfsinfo' 'xfsprogs-devel' 'xfwm4' 'xfwm4-branding-openSUSE' 'xfwm4-branding-upstream' 'xfwm4-lang' 'xfwm4-themes' 'xfwp' 'xfwpcnm' 'xfwpcnm' 'xfwpcnm-debuginfo' 'xgalaga++' 'xgamma' 'xgc' 'xgnokii' 'xgrabsc' 'xhfsutil' 'xhtml-dtd' 'xiccd' 'xindy' 'xindy-doc' 'xindy-rules' 'xine-browser-plugin' 'xine-browser-plugin' 'xine-browser-plugin-debuginfo' 'xine-browser-plugin-debugsource' 'xine-lib' 'xine-lib-debugsource' 'xine-skins' 'xine-skins' 'xine-ui' 'xine-ui' 'xine-ui-32bit' 'xine-ui-debuginfo' 'xine-ui-debugsource' 'xineramaproto-devel' 'xinetd' 'xinput' 'xiphos' 'xiterm' 'xjadeo' 'xjadeo' 'xjadeo-debuginfo' 'xjadeo-debugsource' 'xkbcomp-devel' 'xkbevd' 'xkbprint' 'xkbutils' 'xkeycaps' 'xkill' 'xl2tpd' 'xl2tpd-doc' 'xless' 'xload' 'xlockmore' 'xlogin' 'xlogo' 'xls2csv' 'xlsatoms' 'xlsclients' 'xlsfonts' 'xmag' 'xmahjongg' 'xman' 'xmanja' 'xmgrace' 'xmgrace-devel' 'xmh' 'xmined' 'xml-commons' 'xml-commons-apis-bootstrap' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.1-apis' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.1-apis-manual' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.2-apis' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.2-apis-manual' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.3-apis' 'xml-commons-jaxp-1.3-apis-manual' 'xml-commons-resolver-bootstrap' 'xml-commons-resolver10' 'xml-commons-resolver11' 'xml-commons-resolver12' 'xml-commons-which-bootstrap' 'xml-commons-which10' 'xml-commons-which11' 'xml-group-manager' 'xml-im-exporter' 'xml-im-exporter-javadoc' 'xml-security-c-bin' 'xml2po' 'xml2po-devel' 'xmlbeans' 'xmlbeans-mini' 'xmlbeans-scripts' 'xmlcharent' 'xmldb-api' 'xmldb-api-javadoc' 'xmldb-api-sdk' 'xmldb-common' 'xmlformat' 'xmlgraphics-batik' 'xmlgraphics-batik-demo' 'xmlgraphics-batik-rasterizer' 'xmlgraphics-batik-slideshow' 'xmlgraphics-batik-squiggle' 'xmlgraphics-batik-svgpp' 'xmlgraphics-batik-ttf2svg' 'xmlgraphics-commons' 'xmlgraphics-commons-javadoc' 'xmlgraphics-fop' 'xmlrpc-c-devel' 'xmlsec1' 'xmlsec1' 'xmlsec1-debuginfo' 'xmlsec1-debugsource' 'xmlsec1-devel' 'xmlsec1-gcrypt-devel' 'xmlsec1-gnutls-devel' 'xmlsec1-nss-devel' 'xmlsec1-openssl-devel' 'xmlstarlet' 'xmlto' 'xmltooling' 'xmltooling-schemas' 'xmltv' 'xmltv' 'xmltv-grabbers' 'xmlunit' 'xmlunit-javadoc' 'xmms2' 'xmms2-devel' 'xmms2-docs' 'xmms2-perl' 'xmms2-plugin-airplay' 'xmms2-plugin-ao' 'xmms2-plugin-apefile' 'xmms2-plugin-asf' 'xmms2-plugin-asx' 'xmms2-plugin-base' 'xmms2-plugin-cdda' 'xmms2-plugin-cue' 'xmms2-plugin-curl' 'xmms2-plugin-daap' 'xmms2-plugin-flac' 'xmms2-plugin-flv' 'xmms2-plugin-gvfs' 'xmms2-plugin-html' 'xmms2-plugin-ices' 'xmms2-plugin-icymetaint' 'xmms2-plugin-id3v2' 'xmms2-plugin-jack' 'xmms2-plugin-karaoke' 'xmms2-plugin-m3u' 'xmms2-plugin-modplug' 'xmms2-plugin-mp4' 'xmms2-plugin-musepack' 'xmms2-plugin-normalize' 'xmms2-plugin-ofa' 'xmms2-plugin-pulse' 'xmms2-plugin-samba' 'xmms2-plugin-speex' 'xmms2-plugin-tta' 'xmms2-plugin-vocoder' 'xmms2-plugin-wave' 'xmms2-plugin-wavpack' 'xmms2-ruby' 'xmobar' 'xmonad' 'xmoontool' 'xmore' 'xmorph' 'xmorph-devel' 'xmoto' 'xmoto-data' 'xmp' 'xnoise' 'xnoise-lang' 'xom' 'xonotic' 'xonotic' 'xonotic' 'xonotic-data' 'xonotic-server' 'xorg-cf-files' 'xorg-docs' 'xorg-scripts' 'xorg-sgml-doctools' 'xorg-x11' 'xorg-x11-devel' 'xorg-x11-libs' 'xorg-x11-server' 'xorg-x11-server-Xspice' 'xorg-x11-server-extra' 'xorg-x11-server-sdk' 'xorg-x11-server-source' 'xorg-x11-util-devel' 'xortool' 'xosd' 'xosd-devel' 'xosview' 'xournal' 'xpaint' 'xpaint' 'xpaint-debuginfo' 'xpaint-debugsource' 'xpaint-devel' 'xpenguins' 'xpinguin' 'xplanet' 'xplayer' 'xplayer-browser-plugin' 'xplayer-browser-plugin-gmp' 'xplayer-browser-plugin-vegas' 'xplayer-devel' 'xplayer-lang' 'xplayer-plparser' 'xplayer-plparser-devel' 'xplayer-plparser-lang' 'xplayer-plugin-zeitgeist' 'xplayer-plugins' 'xplsprinters' 'xpp2' 'xpp2-demo' 'xpp2-javadoc' 'xpp2-manual' 'xpp3' 'xpp3-javadoc' 'xpp3-minimal' 'xpr' 'xpra' 'xpra' 'xpra-debuginfo' 'xpra-debugsource' 'xprehashprinterlist' 'xprintidle' 'xprompt' 'xproxymngproto-devel' 'xquarto' 'xrdp' 'xreader' 'xreader-backends' 'xreader-devel' 'xreader-lang' 'xrefresh' 'xrestop' 'xroach' 'xrootd-cl' 'xrootd-cl-devel' 'xrootd-client' 'xrootd-client-devel' 'xrootd-fuse' 'xrootd-libs' 'xrootd-libs-devel' 'xrootd-private-devel' 'xrootd-server' 'xrootd-server-devel' 'xrx' 'xsane' 'xscope' 'xscreensaver' 'xscreensaver-data' 'xscreensaver-data-extra' 'xsd' 'xsd-doc' 'xsel' 'xselection' 'xsession' 'xsetmode' 'xsetpointer' 'xsettingsd' 'xslide' 'xsm' 'xsp' 'xstdcmap' 'xstereograph' 'xstroke' 'xsynth-dssi' 'xsys' 'xsys' 'xsys-debuginfo' 'xsys-debugsource' 'xt7-player-mpv' 'xt7-player-mpv' 'xtables-addons' 'xtables-addons' 'xtables-addons-kmp-default' 'xtables-geoip' 'xteddy' 'xtexit' 'xtrabackup' 'xtrabackup-test' 'xtrans' 'xtrap' 'xv' 'xv' 'xvba-video' 'xvba-video' 'xvba-video-debuginfo' 'xvba-video-debugsource' 'xvfb-run' 'xvid4conf' 'xvid4conf' 'xvid4conf-debuginfo' 'xvid4conf-debugsource' 'xvidcap' 'xvidcap' 'xvidcap-debuginfo' 'xvidcap-debugsource' 'xvidcore' 'xvidcore' 'xvidcore-debugsource' 'xvidenc' 'xvidenc' 'xvidtune' 'xviewer' 'xviewer-devel' 'xviewer-lang' 'xviewer-plugin-exif-display' 'xviewer-plugin-export-to-folder' 'xviewer-plugin-fit-to-width' 'xviewer-plugin-light-theme' 'xviewer-plugin-map' 'xviewer-plugin-postasa' 'xviewer-plugin-pythonconsole' 'xviewer-plugin-send-by-mail' 'xviewer-plugin-slideshowshuffle' 'xviewer-plugins' 'xviewer-plugins-data' 'xviewer-plugins-lang' 'xvinfo' 'xvkbd' 'xwd' 'xwininfo' 'xwud' 'xxkb' 'xyconv' 'xylib-devel' 'xz-devel' 'xz-devel-32bit' 'xzgv' 'yackage' 'yad' 'yad' 'yad-debuginfo' 'yad-debugsource' 'yafc' 'yafray' 'yaics' 'yajl' 'yakuake' 'yakuake-lang' 'yamagi-quake2' 'yamdi' 'yamdi' 'yamdi-debuginfo' 'yamdi-debugsource' 'yaml-cpp-devel' 'yara' 'yara-doc' 'yasm' 'yasm-devel' 'yast2' 'yast2-add-on-creator' 'yast2-alternatives' 'yast2-audit-laf' 'yast2-auth-server' 'yast2-boot-server' 'yast2-bootloader' 'yast2-buildtools' 'yast2-ca-management' 'yast2-ca-management' 'yast2-cluster' 'yast2-configuration-management' 'yast2-control-center-gnome' 'yast2-core-devel' 'yast2-country' 'yast2-dbus-server' 'yast2-devtools' 'yast2-dhcp-server' 'yast2-dns-server' 'yast2-docker' 'yast2-drbd' 'yast2-drbd' 'yast2-fcoe-client' 'yast2-fcoe-client' 'yast2-firstboot' 'yast2-firstboot' 'yast2-ftp-server' 'yast2-geo-cluster' 'yast2-http-server' 'yast2-inetd-doc' 'yast2-installation-control' 'yast2-instserver' 'yast2-iplb' 'yast2-iscsi-lio-server' 'yast2-isns' 'yast2-kdump' 'yast2-live-installer' 'yast2-multipath' 'yast2-network' 'yast2-nfs-client' 'yast2-nfs-server' 'yast2-nis-server' 'yast2-ntp-client' 'yast2-online-update-configuration' 'yast2-packager' 'yast2-pkg-bindings' 'yast2-pkg-bindings-devel-doc' 'yast2-pkg-bindings-devel-doc' 'yast2-product-creator' 'yast2-product-creator' 'yast2-python-bindings' 'yast2-qt-branding-openSUSE' 'yast2-rdp' 'yast2-rear' 'yast2-rear' 'yast2-registration' 'yast2-ruby-bindings' 'yast2-schema' 'yast2-services-manager' 'yast2-slp-server' 'yast2-smt' 'yast2-squid' 'yast2-storage' 'yast2-storage-devel' 'yast2-support' 'yast2-testsuite' 'yast2-tftp-server' 'yast2-trans' 'yast2-trans-af' 'yast2-trans-allpacks' 'yast2-trans-ar' 'yast2-trans-ast' 'yast2-trans-bg' 'yast2-trans-bn' 'yast2-trans-bs' 'yast2-trans-ca' 'yast2-trans-cs' 'yast2-trans-cy' 'yast2-trans-da' 'yast2-trans-de' 'yast2-trans-el' 'yast2-trans-en_GB' 'yast2-trans-eo' 'yast2-trans-es' 'yast2-trans-et' 'yast2-trans-eu' 'yast2-trans-fa' 'yast2-trans-fi' 'yast2-trans-fr' 'yast2-trans-gl' 'yast2-trans-gu' 'yast2-trans-he' 'yast2-trans-hi' 'yast2-trans-hr' 'yast2-trans-hu' 'yast2-trans-id' 'yast2-trans-it' 'yast2-trans-ja' 'yast2-trans-jv' 'yast2-trans-ka' 'yast2-trans-km' 'yast2-trans-kn' 'yast2-trans-ko' 'yast2-trans-ku' 'yast2-trans-lo' 'yast2-trans-lt' 'yast2-trans-mk' 'yast2-trans-mr' 'yast2-trans-nb' 'yast2-trans-nds' 'yast2-trans-nl' 'yast2-trans-nn' 'yast2-trans-pa' 'yast2-trans-pl' 'yast2-trans-pot' 'yast2-trans-pt' 'yast2-trans-pt_BR' 'yast2-trans-ro' 'yast2-trans-ru' 'yast2-trans-si' 'yast2-trans-sk' 'yast2-trans-sl' 'yast2-trans-sr' 'yast2-trans-sv' 'yast2-trans-sw' 'yast2-trans-ta' 'yast2-trans-tg' 'yast2-trans-th' 'yast2-trans-tr' 'yast2-trans-uk' 'yast2-trans-vi' 'yast2-trans-wa' 'yast2-trans-xh' 'yast2-trans-zh_CN' 'yast2-trans-zh_TW' 'yast2-trans-zu' 'yast2-update-FACTORY' 'yast2-vm' 'yast2-xml' 'yast2-ycp-ui-bindings-devel' 'yast2_install_wf' 'yate' 'yate' 'yate-debuginfo' 'yate-debugsource' 'yate-devel' 'yate-qt4' 'yate-qt4-debuginfo' 'yate-scripts' 'yate-with-amrnb' 'yaz' 'yaz-doc' 'yelp' 'yelp-devel' 'yelp-lang' 'yelp-tools' 'yelp-xsl' 'ykclient' 'ykneomgr' 'ykpers' 'yodl' 'youtube-dl' 'youtube-dl' 'youtube-dl-gui' 'youtube-dl-gui-lang' 'ypserv' 'ytalk' 'yubico-piv-tool' 'yubikey-neo-manager' 'yubikey-personalization-gui' 'yubikey-piv-manager' 'yum' 'yum-aliases' 'yum-allowdowngrade' 'yum-basearchonly' 'yum-changelog' 'yum-dellsysid' 'yum-downloadonly' 'yum-fastestmirror' 'yum-filter-data' 'yum-lang' 'yum-list-data' 'yum-merge-conf' 'yum-metadata-parser' 'yum-priorities' 'yum-protect-packages' 'yum-protectbase' 'yum-refresh-updatesd' 'yum-tmprepo' 'yum-tsflags' 'yum-updatesd' 'yum-upgrade-helper' 'yum-utils' 'yum-verify' 'yum-versionlock' 'z3' 'z3-devel' 'zanshin' 'zbar' 'zbuild' 'zbuild' 'zd1211-firmware' 'zdbsp' 'zdoom' 'zdoom' 'zeal' 'zeitgeist' 'zeitgeist-devel' 'zenmap' 'zerofree' 'zeroinstall-injector' 'zeromq-devel' 'zeromq-tools' 'zhu3d' 'zile' 'zile-doc' 'zimg' 'zinnia' 'zinnia-devel' 'zinnia-tomoe' 'zip' 'zip' 'zipios++' 'zipios++-debugsource' 'zipios++-devel' 'ziptool' 'zlib-devel-32bit' 'zlib-devel-static' 'zlib-devel-static-32bit' 'zlibrary-devel' 'zlibrary-ui-qt' 'zn_poly-devel' 'znc' 'znc-devel' 'znc-perl' 'znc-python3' 'znc-tcl' 'zod' 'zod' 'zod-data' 'zod-debuginfo' 'zoo' 'zopfli' 'zot' 'zpaq' 'zramcfg' 'zsdx' 'zsdx' 'zsh-htmldoc' 'zstd' 'zstd' 'zsync' 'zsync-devel' 'zutils' 'zvbi' 'zvbi-devel' 'zvbi-devel-32bit' 'zynaddsubfx' 'zynaddsubfx-common' 'zynaddsubfx-dssi' 'zynaddsubfx-lv2' 'zynaddsubfx-vst' 'zypper' 'zypper-docker' 'zziplib' 'zziplib-devel' 'zziplib-devel-32bit' )
_zypp_installed=( 'Activities' 'Activity' 'Bar' 'Akregator' 'Analog' 'Clock' 'Application' 'Launcher' 'Application' 'Menu' 'Application' 'Menu' 'Bar' 'Ark' 'Audacity' 'Audio' 'Volume' 'Battery' 'and' 'Brightness' 'Bluetooth' 'Breeze' 'Breeze' 'Dark' 'CPU' 'Load' 'Monitor' 'Calculator' 'Calendar' 'Chromium' 'Clipboard' 'Color' 'Picker' 'Comic' 'Strip' 'Declarative' 'Toolbox' 'Default' 'Panel' 'Desktop' 'Desktop' 'Containment' 'Device' 'Notifier' 'Digital' 'Clock' 'Disk' 'Quota' 'Dolphin' 'Dragon' 'Player' 'Empty' 'Panel' 'Fifteen' 'Puzzle' 'Firefox' 'Web' 'Browser' 'Fuzzy' 'Clock' 'GIMP' 'GStreamer' 'Multimedia' 'Codecs' 'Global' 'Menu' 'Gwenview' 'Haenau' 'Hard' 'Disk' 'I/O' 'Monitor' 'Hard' 'Disk' 'Space' 'Usage' 'Hugin' 'Batch' 'Processor' 'Hugin' 'Calibrate' 'Lens' 'Hugin' 'Panorama' 'Creator' 'Hunyango' 'Hydrogen' 'Image' 'ImageMagick' 'Inkscape' 'SVG' 'Vector' 'Illustrator' 'Input' 'Method' 'Panel' 'K3b' 'KAddressBook' 'KCalc' 'KDE' 'Connect' 'KDE' 'Plasma' 'Desktop' 'KGpg' 'KHelpCenter' 'KMail' 'KMines' 'KNotes' 'KOrganizer' 'KRuler' 'KSudoku' 'Kate' 'Kate' 'Sessions' 'Kleopatra' 'Kompare' 'Konsole' 'Kontact' 'Konversation' 'Latte' 'Plasmoid' 'LibreOffice' 'Base' 'LibreOffice' 'Calc' 'LibreOffice' 'Draw' 'LibreOffice' 'Impress' 'LibreOffice' 'Writer' 'Lock/Logout' 'Marble' 'Media' 'Player' 'Media' 'frame' 'Memory' 'Status' 'Mesa' 'Mesa-32bit' 'Mesa-dri-nouveau' 'Mesa-libEGL-devel' 'Mesa-libEGL1' 'Mesa-libEGL1-32bit' 'Mesa-libGL-devel' 'Mesa-libGL1' 'Mesa-libGL1-32bit' 'Mesa-libGLESv2-2' 'Mesa-libglapi0' 'Mesa-libglapi0-32bit' 'Mesa-libva' 'Minimize' 'all' 'Windows' 'ModemManager' 'MozillaFirefox' 'MozillaFirefox-branding-openSUSE' 'Network' 'Monitor' 'NetworkManager' 'NetworkManager-branding-openSUSE' 'NetworkManager-lang' 'NetworkManager-openvpn' 'NetworkManager-openvpn-lang' 'NetworkManager-pptp' 'NetworkManager-pptp-lang' 'NetworkManager-vpnc' 'NetworkManager-vpnc-lang' 'Networks' 'Notes' 'Notifications' 'Okular' 'OpenPrintingPPDs' 'OpenPrintingPPDs-ghostscript' 'OpenPrintingPPDs-hpijs' 'OpenPrintingPPDs-postscript' 'OwnCloud' 'KAccounts' 'QML' 'plugin' 'PackageKit' 'PackageKit-backend-zypp' 'PackageKit-branding-openSUSE' 'PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin' 'PackageKit-gtk3-module' 'PackageKit-lang' 'Pager' 'Panel' 'Toolbox' 'Pidgin' 'Plain' 'Color' 'Print' 'Settings' 'Printers' 'Quick' 'Share' 'Quicklaunch' 'SUSEConnect' 'ScummVM' 'Search' 'Show' 'Desktop' 'Showfoto' 'Skanlite' 'Slideshow' 'Software' 'Updates' 'Spectacle' 'Steam' 'SuSEfirewall2' 'System' 'Load' 'Viewer' 'System' 'Tray' 'Task' 'Manager' 'Timer' 'Trashcan' 'User' 'Switcher' 'VLC' 'Media' 'player' 'VirtualBox-5.2' 'Weather' 'Forecast' 'Web' 'browser' 'Window' 'list' 'World' 'Clock' 'World' 'Map' 'YaST' 'aaa_base' 'aaa_base-extras' 'accountsservice' 'accountsservice-lang' 'acl' 'acpica' 'acpid' 'adjtimex' 'adobe-release-x86_64' 'adobe-sourcecodepro-fonts' 'adobe-sourcesanspro-fonts' 'adobe-sourceserifpro-fonts' 'adwaita-icon-theme' 'akonadi-calendar-lang' 'akonadi-calendar-tools' 'akonadi-calendar-tools-lang' 'akonadi-contact' 'akonadi-contact-lang' 'akonadi-import-wizard' 'akonadi-import-wizard-lang' 'akonadi-mime' 'akonadi-mime-lang' 'akonadi-notes-lang' 'akonadi-search' 'akonadi-search-lang' 'akonadi-server' 'akonadi-server-lang' 'akregator' 'akregator-lang' 'alsa' 'alsa-devel' 'alsa-devel-32bit' 'alsa-oss' 'alsa-oss-32bit' 'alsa-plugins' 'alsa-plugins-32bit' 'alsa-plugins-pulse' 'alsa-plugins-pulse-32bit' 'alsa-utils' 'amarok' 'amarok-lang' 'android-tools' 'apache-commons-logging' 'apache2' 'apache2-prefork' 'apache2-utils' 'apparmor' 'apparmor-abstractions' 'apparmor-docs' 'apparmor-parser' 'apparmor-profiles' 'apparmor-utils' 'ark' 'ark-lang' 'at' 'at-spi2-atk-common' 'at-spi2-atk-gtk2' 'at-spi2-core' 'atk-devel' 'atom' 'atool' 'attr' 'audacity' 'audacity-lang' 'audit' 'augeas' 'augeas-lenses' 'autoconf' 'autofs' 'automake' 'autoyast2-installation' 'avahi' 'avahi-autoipd' 'avahi-lang' 'baloo5' 'baloo5-file' 'baloo5-imports' 'baloo5-kioslaves' 'baloo5-lang' 'baloo5-tools' 'baloo5-widgets' 'baloo5-widgets-lang' 'base' 'bash' 'bash-completion' 'bash-doc' 'bash-lang' 'bc' 'bin86' 'bind-libs' 'bind-utils' 'binutils' 'binutils-devel' 'bison' 'blog' 'bluedevil5' 'bluedevil5-lang' 'bluez' 'bluez-qt-imports' 'bluez-qt-udev' 'boost-license1_54_0' 'branding-openSUSE' 'breeze' 'breeze4-style' 'breeze5-cursors' 'breeze5-decoration' 'breeze5-icons' 'breeze5-style' 'breeze5-style-lang' 'breeze5-wallpapers' 'bsdtar' 'btrfsmaintenance' 'btrfsprogs' 'btrfsprogs-udev-rules' 'build' 'build-mkbaselibs' 'build-mkdrpms' 'byzanz' 'byzanz-lang' 'bzip2' 'ca-certificates' 'ca-certificates-mozilla' 'cabextract' 'cairo-devel' 'calc' 'calendarsupport' 'calendarsupport-lang' 'cantarell-fonts' 'catdoc' 'cava' 'cdrdao' 'cdrecord' 'checkmedia' 'chromedriver' 'chromium' 'cifs-utils' 'clamz' 'cln' 'clutter-gtk-lang' 'clutter-lang' 'cmake' 'cmatrix' 'cogl-lang' 'command-not-found' 'conky' 'conky-doc' 'coreutils' 'coreutils-lang' 'cpio' 'cpio-lang' 'cpp' 'cpp48' 'cpupower' 'cracklib' 'cracklib-dict-full' 'crda' 'cron' 'cronie' 'cryptsetup' 'cups' 'cups-client' 'cups-filters' 'cups-filters-cups-browsed' 'cups-filters-foomatic-rip' 'cups-filters-ghostscript' 'cups-libs' 'cups-libs-32bit' 'cups-pk-helper' 'cups-pk-helper-lang' 'curl' 'cvs' 'cvsps' 'cyrus-sasl' 'cyrus-sasl-crammd5' 'cyrus-sasl-devel' 'cyrus-sasl-digestmd5' 'cyrus-sasl-gssapi' 'cyrus-sasl-plain' 'damageproto-devel' 'db48-utils' 'dbus-1' 'dbus-1-glib' 'dbus-1-glib-32bit' 'dbus-1-python' 'dbus-1-python3' 'dbus-1-x11' 'dconf' 'dejavu-fonts' 'deltarpm' 'desktop-data-openSUSE' 'desktop-file-utils' 'desktop-translations' 'devel_basis' 'device-mapper' 'dhcp' 'dhcp-client' 'dialog' 'diffutils' 'digiKam' 'digikam' 'digikam-doc' 'digikam-lang' 'dirmngr' 'dirmngr-lang' 'dmenu' 'dmidecode' 'dmraid' 'dmz-icon-theme-cursors' 'dnsmasq' 'dolphin' 'dolphin-part' 'dolphin-part-lang' 'dos2unix' 'dosbox' 'dosfstools' 'dracut' 'dragonplayer' 'dragonplayer-lang' 'drkonqi5' 'drm-kmp-default' 'dvd+rw-tools' 'e2fsprogs' 'e2fsprogs-devel' 'ed' 'efibootmgr' 'efont-unicode-bitmap-fonts' 'elfutils' 'enblend-enfuse' 'enhanced_base' 'enscript' 'esound-daemon' 'ethtool' 'eventviews' 'eventviews-lang' 'exiftool' 'exiv2' 'exiv2-lang' 'expat' 'farstream-data' 'fdupes' 'ffmpeg' 'ffmpegthumbs' 'fftw3-devel' 'file' 'file-magic' 'filesystem' 'fillup' 'findutils' 'fing' 'finger' 'fipscheck' 'fixesproto-devel' 'flash-player' 'flex' 'flute' 'fontconfig' 'fontconfig-32bit' 'fontconfig-devel' 'fonts' 'fonts-config' 'fortune' 'frameworkintegration-plugin' 'freetype2-devel' 'fribidi' 'ft2demos' 'fuse' 'games' 'gamin-server' 'gawk' 'gcc' 'gcc-c++' 'gcc-info' 'gcc48' 'gcc48-c++' 'gcc48-info' 'gconf-polkit' 'gconf2' 'gconf2-branding-openSUSE' 'gconf2-lang' 'gcr-data' 'gcr-lang' 'gcr-prompter' 'gcr-viewer' 'gd' 'gd-32bit' 'gdb' 'gdbm-devel' 'gdk-pixbuf-devel' 'gdk-pixbuf-lang' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-libopenraw' 'gdk-pixbuf-loader-rsvg' 'gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders' 'gdk-pixbuf-query-loaders-32bit' 'gegl-0_2' 'gegl-0_2-lang' 'genisoimage' 'geoclue2' 'gettext-runtime' 'gettext-tools' 'gfxboot' 'gfxboot-branding-openSUSE' 'ghostscript' 'ghostscript-fonts-other' 'ghostscript-fonts-std' 'ghostscript-x11' 'gimp' 'gimp-help' 'gimp-lang' 'gimp-plugin-aa' 'gimp-plugins-python' 'gio-branding-openSUSE' 'girepository-1_0' 'git' 'git-core' 'git-cvs' 'git-email' 'git-gui' 'git-svn' 'git-web' 'gitk' 'glew' 'glib-networking' 'glib-networking-lang' 'glib-sharp2' 'glib2-devel' 'glib2-lang' 'glib2-tools' 'glibc' 'glibc-32bit' 'glibc-devel' 'glibc-extra' 'glibc-i18ndata' 'glibc-info' 'glibc-locale' 'glibc-locale-32bit' 'gmp-devel' 'gnome-desktop-lang' 'gnome-icon-theme' 'gnome-icon-theme-extras' 'gnome-icon-theme-symbolic' 'gnome-keyring' 'gnome-keyring-32bit' 'gnome-keyring-lang' 'gnome-keyring-pam' 'gnome-keyring-pam-32bit' 'gnome-online-accounts' 'gnome-online-accounts-lang' 'gnome-vfs2' 'gnome-vfs2-lang' 'gnu-unifont-bitmap-fonts' 'google-carlito-fonts' 'google-chrome-stable' 'google-droid-fonts' 'google-noto-fonts-doc' 'google-opensans-fonts' 'google-play-music-desktop-player' 'google-roboto-fonts' 'gpart' 'gperf' 'gpg2' 'gpg2-lang' 'gpm' 'gptfdisk' 'grantlee5' 'grantleetheme' 'grantleetheme-lang' 'graphite2-devel' 'graphviz' 'graphviz-gd' 'graphviz-gnome' 'grep' 'groff' 'groff-full' 'grub2' 'grub2-branding-openSUSE' 'grub2-i386-pc' 'grub2-snapper-plugin' 'grub2-systemd-sleep-plugin' 'grub2-x86_64-efi' 'gsettings-backend-dconf' 'gsettings-desktop-schemas' 'gsettings-desktop-schemas-lang' 'gsl' 'gstreamer' 'gstreamer-fluendo-mp3' 'gstreamer-lang' 'gstreamer-libnice' 'gstreamer-plugin-gstclutter-3_0' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad' 'gstreamer-plugins-bad-lang' 'gstreamer-plugins-base' 'gstreamer-plugins-base-lang' 'gstreamer-plugins-cogl' 'gstreamer-plugins-farstream' 'gstreamer-plugins-good' 'gstreamer-plugins-good-lang' 'gstreamer-plugins-libav' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly' 'gstreamer-plugins-ugly-lang' 'gtk-sharp2' 'gtk2-branding-openSUSE' 'gtk2-data' 'gtk2-devel' 'gtk2-engine-oxygen-32bit' 'gtk2-immodule-amharic' 'gtk2-immodule-inuktitut' 'gtk2-immodule-thai' 'gtk2-immodule-vietnamese' 'gtk2-lang' 'gtk2-metatheme-adwaita' 'gtk2-metatheme-breeze' 'gtk2-theming-engine-adwaita' 'gtk2-tools' 'gtk2-tools-32bit' 'gtk3-branding-openSUSE' 'gtk3-data' 'gtk3-immodule-amharic' 'gtk3-immodule-inuktitut' 'gtk3-immodule-thai' 'gtk3-immodule-vietnamese' 'gtk3-lang' 'gtk3-metatheme-adwaita' 'gtk3-metatheme-breeze' 'gtk3-tools' 'gtksourceview-lang' 'gtkspell-lang' 'guile-modules-2_0' 'gutenprint' 'gvfs' 'gvfs-backend-afc' 'gvfs-backend-samba' 'gvfs-backends' 'gvfs-fuse' 'gvfs-lang' 'gwenview5' 'gwenview5-lang' 'gxditview' 'gzip' 'hack-fonts' 'hardlink' 'harfbuzz-devel' 'haveged' 'hdparm' 'hicolor-icon-theme' 'hicolor-icon-theme-branding-openSUSE' 'highlight' 'hplip-hpijs' 'hplip-sane' 'htop' 'hugin' 'hunspell' 'hunspell-tools' 'hwinfo' 'hydrogen' 'i3' 'i3lock' 'i3status' 'iceauth' 'icewm' 'icewm-config-upstream' 'icewm-default' 'icewm-lang' 'icewm-lite' 'icoutils' 'ifplugd' 'imagewriter' 'imaging' 'imlib2' 'imlib2-loaders' 'incidenceeditor' 'incidenceeditor-lang' 'info' 'info2html' 'initviocons' 'inkscape' 'inkscape-extensions-extra' 'inkscape-extensions-gimp' 'inkscape-lang' 'insserv-compat' 'intlfonts' 'intlfonts-euro-bitmap-fonts' 'iproute2' 'iptables' 'iputils' 'irqbalance' 'iscsiuio' 'iso-codes' 'iso-codes-lang' 'ispell' 'ispell-american' 'iw' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-headless' 'java-1_8_0-openjdk-plugin' 'javapackages-tools' 'joe' 'jq' 'json-glib-lang' 'k3b' 'k3b-lang' 'kaccounts-integration' 'kaccounts-integration-lang' 'kaccounts-providers' 'kaccounts-providers-lang' 'kactivities5-imports' 'kactivitymanagerd' 'kactivitymanagerd-lang' 'kaddressbook' 'kaddressbook-lang' 'kalarmcal' 'kalarmcal-lang' 'kamera-lang' 'kate' 'kate-lang' 'kate-plugins' 'kbd' 'kbd-legacy' 'kbproto-devel' 'kcalc' 'kcalc-lang' 'kcalutils' 'kcalutils-lang' 'kcharselect' 'kcharselect-lang' 'kcm_sddm' 'kcm_sddm-lang' 'kcolorchooser' 'kcolorchooser-lang' 'kconf_update5' 'kcontacts-lang' 'kcoreaddons' 'kcoreaddons-lang' 'kdav' 'kdbusaddons-tools' 'kde' 'kde-cli-tools5' 'kde-cli-tools5-lang' 'kde-gtk-config5' 'kde-gtk-config5-lang' 'kde-odf-thumbnail' 'kde-oxygen-fonts' 'kde-print-manager' 'kde-print-manager-lang' 'kde-user-manager' 'kde-user-manager-lang' 'kde4-filesystem' 'kde_plasma' 'kdebase4-runtime' 'kdebase4-workspace-libs' 'kdeclarative-components' 'kdeconnect-kde' 'kdeconnect-kde-lang' 'kded' 'kded-lang' 'kdegames-carddecks-default' 'kdegraphics-thumbnailers' 'kdelibs4' 'kdelibs4-branding-openSUSE' 'kdelibs4-core' 'kdelibs4support' 'kdelibs4support-lang' 'kdenetwork4-filesharing' 'kdenetwork4-filesharing-lang' 'kdepim-addons' 'kdepim-addons-lang' 'kdepim-apps-libs' 'kdepim-apps-libs-lang' 'kdepim-runtime' 'kdepim-runtime-lang' 'kdepimlibs4' 'kdialog' 'kdialog-lang' 'kdnssd' 'kdoctools' 'kdoctools-lang' 'keditbookmarks' 'keditbookmarks-lang' 'kernel-default' 'kernel-firmware' 'kexec-tools' 'keyutils' 'kfilemetadata5' 'kfilemetadata5-lang' 'kgamma5' 'kgamma5-lang' 'kget' 'kglobalaccel5' 'kgpg' 'kgpg-lang' 'khelpcenter5' 'khelpcenter5-lang' 'khotkeys5' 'khotkeys5-lang' 'kidentitymanagement-lang' 'kimageformats' 'kimap-lang' 'kinfocenter5' 'kinfocenter5-lang' 'kinit' 'kinit-lang' 'kio' 'kio-core' 'kio-extras5' 'kio-extras5-lang' 'kio-lang' 'kio_audiocd' 'kio_audiocd-lang' 'kio_audiocd4' 'kio_kamera' 'kio_mtp' 'kipi-plugins' 'kipi-plugins-lang' 'kldap' 'kldap-lang' 'kleopatra' 'kleopatra-lang' 'klogd' 'kmag' 'kmahjongg' 'kmahjongg-lang' 'kmail' 'kmail-account-wizard' 'kmail-account-wizard-lang' 'kmail-application-icons' 'kmail-lang' 'kmailtransport' 'kmailtransport-lang' 'kmenuedit5' 'kmenuedit5-lang' 'kmime-lang' 'kmines' 'kmines-lang' 'kmod' 'kmod-compat' 'kmousetool' 'kmozillahelper' 'knotes' 'knotes-lang' 'kompare' 'kompare-lang' 'konsole' 'konsole-part' 'konsole-part-lang' 'kontact' 'kontact-lang' 'kontactinterface-lang' 'konversation' 'konversation-lang' 'kopete' 'korganizer' 'korganizer-lang' 'kpackage' 'kpackage-lang' 'kpartx' 'kpat' 'kpat-lang' 'kpeople5' 'kpeople5-lang' 'kpimtextedit' 'kpimtextedit-lang' 'krb5' 'krb5-32bit' 'kreversi' 'kross' 'kross-lang' 'kruler' 'kruler-lang' 'kscd' 'kscreen5' 'kscreen5-lang' 'kscreenlocker' 'kscreenlocker-lang' 'kservice' 'kservice-lang' 'ksh' 'ksplash-qml-branding-openSUSE' 'ksplashx-branding-openSUSE' 'ksshaskpass5' 'ksshaskpass5-lang' 'ksudoku' 'ksysguard5' 'ksysguard5-lang' 'ktexteditor' 'ktexteditor-lang' 'ktnef-lang' 'ktorrent' 'ktorrent-lang' 'ktp-accounts-kcm' 'ktp-accounts-kcm-lang' 'kwallet-tools' 'kwallet-tools-lang' 'kwalletd5' 'kwalletd5-lang' 'kwalletmanager5' 'kwalletmanager5-lang' 'kwayland' 'kwin5' 'kwin5-lang' 'lame' 'laptop' 'lato-fonts' 'latte-dock' 'lensfun-data' 'less' 'libAppStreamQt2' 'libEMF1' 'libFLAC++6' 'libFLAC8' 'libFLAC8-32bit' 'libGLEW1_13' 'libGLU1' 'libGLU1-32bit' 'libHX28' 'libHalf11' 'libHalf12' 'libICE6' 'libIex-2_1-11' 'libIex-2_2-12' 'libIlmImf-Imf_2_1-21' 'libIlmThread-2_1-11' 'libImlib2-1' 'libKF5Activities5' 'libKF5ActivitiesStats1' 'libKF5AkonadiAgentBase5' 'libKF5AkonadiCalendar5' 'libKF5AkonadiContact5' 'libKF5AkonadiCore5' 'libKF5AkonadiMime5' 'libKF5AkonadiNotes5' 'libKF5AkonadiPrivate5' 'libKF5AkonadiSearch' 'libKF5AkonadiWidgets5' 'libKF5AkonadiXml5' 'libKF5AlarmCalendar5' 'libKF5Archive5' 'libKF5Attica5' 'libKF5Auth5' 'libKF5Auth5-lang' 'libKF5Baloo5' 'libKF5BalooEngine5' 'libKF5BluezQt6' 'libKF5Bookmarks5' 'libKF5Bookmarks5-lang' 'libKF5CalendarCore5' 'libKF5CalendarEvents5' 'libKF5CalendarSupport5' 'libKF5CalendarUtils5' 'libKF5Cddb5' 'libKF5Codecs5' 'libKF5Codecs5-lang' 'libKF5CompactDisc5' 'libKF5Completion5' 'libKF5Completion5-lang' 'libKF5ConfigCore5' 'libKF5ConfigCore5-lang' 'libKF5ConfigGui5' 'libKF5ConfigWidgets5' 'libKF5ConfigWidgets5-lang' 'libKF5Contacts5' 'libKF5CoreAddons5' 'libKF5Crash5' 'libKF5DBusAddons5' 'libKF5DBusAddons5-lang' 'libKF5DNSSD5' 'libKF5DNSSD5-lang' 'libKF5Declarative5' 'libKF5Declarative5-lang' 'libKF5DocTools5' 'libKF5Emoticons5' 'libKF5EventViews5' 'libKF5GlobalAccel5' 'libKF5GlobalAccel5-lang' 'libKF5GlobalAccelPrivate5' 'libKF5GrantleeTheme5' 'libKF5Gravatar5' 'libKF5GuiAddons5' 'libKF5Holidays5' 'libKF5I18n5' 'libKF5I18n5-lang' 'libKF5IMAP5' 'libKF5IconThemes5' 'libKF5IconThemes5-lang' 'libKF5IdentityManagement5' 'libKF5IdleTime5' 'libKF5IncidenceEditor5' 'libKF5ItemModels5' 'libKF5ItemViews5' 'libKF5ItemViews5-lang' 'libKF5JS5' 'libKF5JSApi5' 'libKF5JobWidgets5' 'libKF5JobWidgets5-lang' 'libKF5JsEmbed5' 'libKF5JsEmbed5-lang' 'libKF5KCMUtils5' 'libKF5KCMUtils5-lang' 'libKF5KDELibs4Support5' 'libKF5KDcraw5' 'libKF5KExiv2-15_0_0' 'libKF5KHtml5' 'libKF5KHtml5-lang' 'libKF5KMahjongglib5' 'libKF5Kipi32_0_0' 'libKF5KontactInterface5' 'libKF5Ldap5' 'libKF5Libkdepim5' 'libKF5LibkdepimAkonadi5' 'libKF5Libkleo5' 'libKF5MailCommon5' 'libKF5MailImporter5' 'libKF5MailImporterAkonadi5' 'libKF5MailTransport5' 'libKF5MailTransportAkonadi5' 'libKF5Mbox5' 'libKF5Mime5' 'libKF5ModemManagerQt6' 'libKF5NetworkManagerQt6' 'libKF5NewStuff5' 'libKF5NewStuff5-lang' 'libKF5NewStuffCore5' 'libKF5Notifications5' 'libKF5Notifications5-lang' 'libKF5NotifyConfig5' 'libKF5NotifyConfig5-lang' 'libKF5Parts5' 'libKF5Parts5-lang' 'libKF5PimCommon5' 'libKF5PimCommonAkonadi5' 'libKF5PimTextEdit5' 'libKF5Plotting5' 'libKF5Prison5' 'libKF5Pty5' 'libKF5Pty5-lang' 'libKF5QuickAddons5' 'libKF5Runner5' 'libKF5Sane5' 'libKF5Screen7' 'libKF5Solid5' 'libKF5Solid5-lang' 'libKF5SonnetCore5' 'libKF5SonnetCore5-lang' 'libKF5SonnetUi5' 'libKF5Style5' 'libKF5Su5' 'libKF5Su5-lang' 'libKF5Syndication5' 'libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5' 'libKF5SyntaxHighlighting5-lang' 'libKF5TextWidgets5' 'libKF5TextWidgets5-lang' 'libKF5ThreadWeaver5' 'libKF5Tnef5' 'libKF5UnitConversion5' 'libKF5UnitConversion5-lang' 'libKF5Wallet5' 'libKF5WidgetsAddons5' 'libKF5WidgetsAddons5-lang' 'libKF5WindowSystem5' 'libKF5WindowSystem5-lang' 'libKF5XmlGui5' 'libKF5XmlGui5-lang' 'libKF5XmlRpcClient5' 'libKF5XmlRpcClient5-lang' 'libKGantt2' 'libKPimGAPICalendar5' 'libKPimGAPIContacts5' 'libKPimGAPICore5' 'libKPimGAPITasks5' 'libKPimKDAV5' 'libKScreenLocker5' 'libLLVM' 'libLLVM-32bit' 'libMagick++-6_Q16-3' 'libMagickCore-6_Q16-1' 'libMagickWand-6_Q16-1' 'libOSMesa8' 'libOSMesa8-32bit' 'libOpenCOLLADA0' 'libQt5CLucene5' 'libQt5Concurrent5' 'libQt5Core5' 'libQt5DBus5' 'libQt5Designer5' 'libQt5DesignerComponents5' 'libQt5Gui5' 'libQt5Help5' 'libQt5Multimedia5' 'libQt5Network5' 'libQt5OpenGL5' 'libQt5Positioning5' 'libQt5PrintSupport5' 'libQt5Script5' 'libQt5Sensors5' 'libQt5Sensors5-imports' 'libQt5SerialPort5' 'libQt5Sql5' 'libQt5Sql5-mysql' 'libQt5Sql5-sqlite' 'libQt5Svg5' 'libQt5Test5' 'libQt5WebChannel5' 'libQt5WebChannel5-imports' 'libQt5WebKit5' 'libQt5WebKit5-imports' 'libQt5WebKitWidgets5' 'libQt5Widgets5' 'libQt5X11Extras5' 'libQt5Xml5' 'libQt5XmlPatterns5' 'libQtAV1' 'libQtAVWidgets1' 'libQtQuick5' 'libQtWebKit4' 'libSDL-1_2-0' 'libSDL-1_2-0-32bit' 'libSDL2-2_0-0' 'libSDL_gfx15' 'libSDL_image-1_2-0' 'libSDL_net-1_2-0' 'libSDL_sound-1_0-1' 'libSM6' 'libSoundTouch0' 'libX11-6' 'libX11-6-32bit' 'libX11-data' 'libX11-devel' 'libX11-xcb1' 'libX11-xcb1-32bit' 'libXRes1' 'libXau-devel' 'libXau6' 'libXau6-32bit' 'libXaw7' 'libXcomposite1' 'libXcomposite1-32bit' 'libXcursor1' 'libXcursor1-32bit' 'libXdamage-devel' 'libXdamage1' 'libXdamage1-32bit' 'libXdmcp6' 'libXdmcp6-32bit' 'libXext-devel' 'libXext6' 'libXext6-32bit' 'libXfixes-devel' 'libXfixes3' 'libXfixes3-32bit' 'libXfont1' 'libXfontcache1' 'libXft-devel' 'libXft2' 'libXft2-32bit' 'libXi6' 'libXi6-32bit' 'libXinerama1' 'libXinerama1-32bit' 'libXmu6' 'libXmuu1' 'libXpm4' 'libXpm4-32bit' 'libXrandr2' 'libXrandr2-32bit' 'libXrender-devel' 'libXrender1' 'libXrender1-32bit' 'libXss1' 'libXt6' 'libXtst6' 'libXv1' 'libXvnc1' 'libXxf86misc1' 'libXxf86vm-devel' 'libXxf86vm1' 'libXxf86vm1-32bit' 'liba52-0' 'libaa1' 'libabw-0_1-1' 'libaccounts-glib0' 'libaccounts-qt5-1' 'libacl1' 'libacl1-32bit' 'libadns1' 'libaio-devel' 'libaio1' 'libakonadi4' 'libakonadiprotocolinternals1' 'libamd-2_4_1' 'libao-plugins4' 'libao4' 'libapparmor-devel' 'libapparmor1' 'libappstream4' 'libapr-util1' 'libapr1' 'libarchive13' 'libart_lgpl-devel' 'libart_lgpl_2-2' 'libasan0' 'libasm1' 'libasound2' 'libasound2-32bit' 'libaspell15' 'libass5' 'libassuan0' 'libastro1' 'libatasmart4' 'libatk-1_0-0' 'libatk-1_0-0-32bit' 'libatk-bridge-2_0-0' 'libatkmm-1_6-1' 'libatm1' 'libatomic1' 'libatspi0' 'libattica0_4' 'libattr1' 'libattr1-32bit' 'libaudiofile1' 'libaudiofile1-32bit' 'libaudit1' 'libaudit1-32bit' 'libaugeas0' 'libauparse0' 'libavahi-client3' 'libavahi-client3-32bit' 'libavahi-common3' 'libavahi-common3-32bit' 'libavahi-core7' 'libavahi-glib1' 'libavahi-gobject0' 'libavc1394-0' 'libavcodec56' 'libavcodec57' 'libavdevice57' 'libavfilter6' 'libavformat56' 'libavformat57' 'libavresample3' 'libavutil54' 'libavutil55' 'libbabl-0_1-0' 'libbase' 'libblas3' 'libblkid-devel' 'libblkid1' 'libbluetooth3' 'libbluray2' 'libboost_date_time1_54_0' 'libboost_filesystem1_54_0' 'libboost_iostreams1_54_0' 'libboost_system1_54_0' 'libboost_thread1_54_0' 'libbs2b0' 'libbtrfs0' 'libburn4' 'libbz2-1' 'libbz2-1-32bit' 'libbz2-devel' 'libcaca0' 'libcairo-gobject2' 'libcairo-script-interpreter2' 'libcairo2' 'libcairo2-32bit' 'libcairomm-1_0-1' 'libcalc1' 'libcamd-2_4_1' 'libcanberra-gtk-module-common' 'libcanberra-gtk0' 'libcanberra-gtk0-32bit' 'libcanberra-gtk2-module' 'libcanberra-gtk2-module-32bit' 'libcanberra-gtk3-0' 'libcanberra-gtk3-module' 'libcanberra0' 'libcanberra0-32bit' 'libcap-ng0' 'libcap2' 'libcap2-32bit' 'libcapi20-3' 'libcapi20-3-32bit' 'libccolamd-2_9_1' 'libcdda_interface0' 'libcdda_paranoia0' 'libcddb2' 'libcdio16' 'libcdio_cdda2' 'libcdio_paranoia2' 'libcdr-0_1-1' 'libcelt0-2' 'libchm0' 'libcholmod-3_0_6' 'libchromaprint1' 'libclang' 'libcloog-isl4' 'libclucene-contribs-lib1' 'libclucene-core1' 'libclucene-shared1' 'libclutter-1_0-0' 'libclutter-gst-3_0-0' 'libclutter-gtk-1_0-0' 'libcmis-0_5-5' 'libcogl-pango20' 'libcogl20' 'libcolamd-2_9_1' 'libcolord2' 'libcom_err-devel' 'libcom_err2' 'libcom_err2-32bit' 'libconfuse0' 'libconfuse0-lang' 'libcpupower0' 'libcrack2' 'libcrack2-32bit' 'libcroco-0_6-3' 'libcryptsetup4' 'libcue1' 'libcurl4' 'libcurl4-32bit' 'libdaemon0' 'libdatrie1' 'libdatrie1-32bit' 'libdb-4_8' 'libdb-4_8-32bit' 'libdb-4_8-devel' 'libdbus-1-3' 'libdbus-1-3-32bit' 'libdbusmenu-qt2' 'libdbusmenu-qt5-2' 'libdc1394-22' 'libdca0' 'libdcerpc-binding0' 'libdcerpc-binding0-32bit' 'libdcerpc0' 'libdcerpc0-32bit' 'libdconf1' 'libdialog11' 'libdigikamcore5' 'libdiscid0' 'libdjvulibre21' 'libdmtx0' 'libdolphinvcs5' 'libdrm-devel' 'libdrm2' 'libdrm2-32bit' 'libdrm_amdgpu1' 'libdrm_amdgpu1-32bit' 'libdrm_intel1' 'libdrm_intel1-32bit' 'libdrm_nouveau2' 'libdrm_nouveau2-32bit' 'libdrm_radeon1' 'libdrm_radeon1-32bit' 'libdv4' 'libdvbpsi10' 'libdvdnav4' 'libdvdread4' 'libdw1' 'libe-book-0_1-1' 'libebml4' 'libedit0' 'libedit0-32bit' 'libeditorconfig0' 'libefivar1' 'libelf0' 'libelf1' 'libelf1-32bit' 'libenca0' 'libenchant1' 'libeot0' 'libepoxy0' 'libepub0' 'liberation-fonts' 'libesd0' 'libesd0-32bit' 'libesmtp' 'libetonyek-0_1-1' 'libev4' 'libevdev2' 'libevdocument3-4' 'libevent-2_0-5' 'libevent-devel' 'libevview3-3' 'libexempi3' 'libexif12' 'libexif12-32bit' 'libexiv2-14' 'libexpat-devel' 'libexpat1' 'libexpat1-32bit' 'libext2fs-devel' 'libext2fs2' 'libexttextcat' 'libexttextcat-2_0-0' 'libfaac0' 'libfaad2' 'libfakekey0' 'libfam0-gamin' 'libfam0-gamin-32bit' 'libfarstream-0_2-5' 'libfdisk1' 'libfdk-aac1' 'libffi4' 'libffi4-32bit' 'libfftw3-3' 'libfftw3_threads3' 'libfipscheck1' 'libfltk1' 'libfluidsynth1' 'libfont-specimen0' 'libfontenc1' 'libfonts' 'libformula' 'libfreebl3' 'libfreebl3-32bit' 'libfreehand-0_1-1' 'libfreetype6' 'libfreetype6-32bit' 'libftgl2' 'libfuse2' 'libgadu3' 'libgbm1' 'libgbm1-32bit' 'libgc1' 'libgcab-1_0-0' 'libgcc_s1' 'libgcc_s1-32bit' 'libgcj-devel' 'libgcj48' 'libgcj48-devel' 'libgcj48-jar' 'libgcj_bc1' 'libgck-1-0' 'libgck-modules-gnome-keyring' 'libgcr-3-1' 'libgcrypt20' 'libgcrypt20-32bit' 'libgdata-lang' 'libgdata22' 'libgdbm4' 'libgdbm4-32bit' 'libgdiplus0' 'libgdk_pixbuf-2_0-0' 'libgdk_pixbuf-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgegl-0_2-0' 'libgfortran3' 'libgiblib1' 'libgif6' 'libgimp-2_0-0' 'libgimpui-2_0-0' 'libgio-2_0-0' 'libgio-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgiomm-2_4-1' 'libgirepository-1_0-1' 'libgit2-24' 'libgjs0' 'libglade-2_0-0' 'libglib-2_0-0' 'libglib-2_0-0-32bit' 'libglibmm-2_4-1' 'libgltf-0_0-0' 'libgltf-0_1-1' 'libglut3' 'libgme0' 'libgmime-2_6-0' 'libgmodule-2_0-0' 'libgmodule-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgmp10' 'libgmp10-32bit' 'libgmpxx4' 'libgnome-desktop-3-12' 'libgnome-desktop-3_0-common' 'libgnome-keyring-lang' 'libgnome-keyring0' 'libgnutls-devel' 'libgnutls28' 'libgnutls28-32bit' 'libgoa-1_0-0' 'libgoa-backend-1_0-1' 'libgobject-2_0-0' 'libgobject-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgomp1' 'libgpg-error0' 'libgpg-error0-32bit' 'libgpgme11' 'libgpgmepp6' 'libgphoto2-6' 'libgphoto2-6-32bit' 'libgphoto2-6-lang' 'libgpod-lang' 'libgpod-tools' 'libgpod4' 'libgps22' 'libgraphite2-3' 'libgraphite2-3-32bit' 'libgravatar' 'libgravatar-lang' 'libgsf-1-114' 'libgsf-lang' 'libgsm1' 'libgsm1-32bit' 'libgssdp-1_0-3' 'libgstadaptivedemux-1_0-0' 'libgstallocators-1_0-0' 'libgstapp-1_0-0' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0' 'libgstaudio-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstbadaudio-1_0-0' 'libgstbadbase-1_0-0' 'libgstbadvideo-1_0-0' 'libgstbasecamerabinsrc-1_0-0' 'libgstcodecparsers-1_0-0' 'libgstfft-1_0-0' 'libgstgl-1_0-0' 'libgstmpegts-1_0-0' 'libgstpbutils-1_0-0' 'libgstphotography-1_0-0' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0' 'libgstreamer-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstriff-1_0-0' 'libgstrtp-1_0-0' 'libgstrtsp-1_0-0' 'libgstsdp-1_0-0' 'libgsttag-1_0-0' 'libgsttag-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgsturidownloader-1_0-0' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0' 'libgstvideo-1_0-0-32bit' 'libgstwayland-1_0-0' 'libgthread-2_0-0' 'libgtk-2_0-0' 'libgtk-2_0-0-32bit' 'libgtk-3-0' 'libgtkmm-2_4-1' 'libgtksourceview-3_0-1' 'libgtkspell0' 'libgudev-1_0-0' 'libgudev-1_0-0-32bit' 'libguile-2_0-22' 'libgupnp-1_0-4' 'libgupnp-igd-1_0-4' 'libgxps2' 'libgypsy0' 'libharfbuzz-icu0' 'libharfbuzz0' 'libharfbuzz0-32bit' 'libhavege1' 'libhdf4' 'libhdf5-10' 'libhdf5_hl10' 'libhogweed2' 'libhogweed2-32bit' 'libhttp-parser-suse0' 'libhydrogen-core0' 'libhyphen0' 'libibus-1_0-5' 'libical1' 'libicu-devel' 'libicu52_1' 'libicu52_1-data' 'libid3tag0' 'libidn11' 'libidn11-32bit' 'libieee1284' 'libieee1284-32bit' 'libimobiledevice6' 'libiniparser0' 'libinput-udev' 'libinput10' 'libiptc0' 'libiptcdata' 'libiptcdata-lang' 'libiptcdata0' 'libisl10' 'libiso9660-10' 'libisoburn1' 'libisofs6' 'libitm1' 'libiw30' 'libixion-0_12-0' 'libjack0' 'libjasper1' 'libjasper1-32bit' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-1_0-0' 'libjavascriptcoregtk-4_0-18' 'libjbig2' 'libjbig2-32bit' 'libjpeg-turbo' 'libjpeg62' 'libjpeg8' 'libjpeg8-32bit' 'libjq1' 'libjson-c2' 'libjson-c2-32bit' 'libjson-glib-1_0-0' 'libkaccounts1' 'libkactivities6' 'libkate1' 'libkcddb4' 'libkcompactdisc-lang' 'libkcompactdisc4' 'libkde4' 'libkdecorations2-5' 'libkdecorations2private5' 'libkdecore4' 'libkdegames' 'libkdegames-lang' 'libkdegames4' 'libkdegames6' 'libkdepim' 'libkdepim-lang' 'libkdepimlibs4' 'libkerfuffle17' 'libkeyutils1' 'libkeyutils1-32bit' 'libkf5kdegames6' 'libkgantt-lang' 'libkgapi-lang' 'libkipi-data' 'libkleo' 'libkleo-lang' 'libkmahjongg' 'libkmahjongg-lang' 'libkmod2' 'libkms1' 'libkolab1' 'libkolabxml1' 'libkomparediff2-5' 'libkomparediff2-lang' 'libksane-lang' 'libksba8' 'libkscreen2-plugin' 'libksieve' 'libksieve-lang' 'libksuseinstall1' 'libksysguard5' 'libksysguard5-helper' 'libksysguard5-lang' 'libktorrent6' 'libktorrent6-lang' 'libktpaccountskcminternal9' 'libkwalletbackend5-5' 'liblangtag1' 'liblapack3' 'liblash1' 'liblastfm1' 'liblayout' 'liblcms1' 'liblcms2-2' 'liblcms2-2-32bit' 'libldap-2_4-2' 'libldap-2_4-2-32bit' 'libldap-data' 'libldapcpp1' 'libldb1' 'libldb1-32bit' 'liblensfun0' 'liblilv-0-0' 'liblinebreak2' 'liblirc_client0' 'liblmdb-0_9_14' 'libloader' 'liblockdev1' 'liblockdev1-32bit' 'libloudmouth-1-0' 'liblpsolve55-0' 'liblqr-1-0' 'liblrdf2' 'libltdl7' 'libltdl7-32bit' 'liblua5_1' 'liblua5_1-32bit' 'liblua5_2' 'liblzma5' 'liblzma5-32bit' 'liblzo2-2' 'libmad0' 'libmagic1' 'libmagic1-32bit' 'libmarblewidget-qt5-27' 'libmatroska6' 'libmbim-glib4' 'libmeanwhile1' 'libmediaart-2_0-0' 'libmediainfo0' 'libmicrohttpd10' 'libmikmod3' 'libminizip1' 'libmission-control-plugins0' 'libmjpegutils-2_0-0' 'libmm-glib0' 'libmms0' 'libmng1' 'libmnl0' 'libmodman1' 'libmodplug1' 'libmount1' 'libmozjs-17_0' 'libmozjs-24' 'libmp3lame0' 'libmpc3' 'libmpcdec5' 'libmpeg2-0' 'libmpeg2convert0' 'libmpfr4' 'libmpg123-0' 'libmpg123-0-32bit' 'libmsi0' 'libmspack0' 'libmspub-0_1-1' 'libmtdev1' 'libmtp-udev' 'libmtp9' 'libmusicbrainz4' 'libmusicbrainz5-1' 'libmwaw-0_3-3' 'libmygpo-qt1' 'libmysqlclient18' 'libmysqlclient_r18' 'libmysqlcppconn7' 'libmysqld18' 'libmythes-1_2-0' 'libnautilus-extension1' 'libncurses5' 'libncurses5-32bit' 'libncurses6' 'libncurses6-32bit' 'libndp0' 'libndr-krb5pac0' 'libndr-krb5pac0-32bit' 'libndr-nbt0' 'libndr-nbt0-32bit' 'libndr-standard0' 'libndr-standard0-32bit' 'libndr0' 'libndr0-32bit' 'libneon27' 'libnetapi0' 'libnetapi0-32bit' 'libnetcdf7' 'libnetfilter_conntrack3' 'libnetpbm11' 'libnettle-devel' 'libnettle4' 'libnettle4-32bit' 'libnewt0_52' 'libnfnetlink0' 'libnfs8' 'libnghttp2-14' 'libnice10' 'libnl-config' 'libnl3-200' 'libnl3-200-32bit' 'libnm-glib-vpn1' 'libnm-glib4' 'libnm-glib4-32bit' 'libnm-util2' 'libnm-util2-32bit' 'libnm0' 'libnotify-tools' 'libnotify4' 'libnsl2' 'libnsssharedhelper0' 'libntfs-3g84' 'libnuma1' 'liboauth0' 'libodfgen-0_1-1' 'libofa0' 'libogg0' 'libogg0-32bit' 'liboggkate1' 'libonig2' 'libopenal1' 'libopenal1-32bit' 'libopencc2' 'libopencv-qt56_3' 'libopencv3_1' 'libopenjp2-7' 'libopenjpeg1' 'libopenraw1' 'libopenssl1_0_0' 'libopenssl1_0_0-32bit' 'libopenssl1_0_0-steam' 'libopenssl1_0_0-steam-32bit' 'libopus0' 'liborc-0_4-0' 'liborc-0_4-0-32bit' 'liborcus-0_12-0' 'libosinfo' 'libosinfo-1_0-0' 'libosinfo-lang' 'libosip2' 'libosip2-devel' 'libotr5' 'libp11-kit0' 'libp11-kit0-32bit' 'libpackagekit-glib2-18' 'libpackagekitqt5-0' 'libpagemaker-0_0-0' 'libpango-1_0-0' 'libpango-1_0-0-32bit' 'libpangomm-1_4-1' 'libpano13-3' 'libparted0' 'libpcap1' 'libpcap1-32bit' 'libpci3' 'libpciaccess0' 'libpciaccess0-32bit' 'libpcre1' 'libpcre1-32bit' 'libpcre16-0' 'libpcrecpp0' 'libpcreposix0' 'libphonon4' 'libphonon4qt5' 'libpinyin-data' 'libpinyin10' 'libpipeline1' 'libpixman-1-0' 'libpixman-1-0-32bit' 'libpixman-1-0-devel' 'libpkcs11-helper1' 'libplist3' 'libplotter2' 'libply-boot-client4' 'libply-splash-core4' 'libply-splash-graphics4' 'libply4' 'libpng12-0' 'libpng12-0-32bit' 'libpng15-15' 'libpng16-16' 'libpng16-16-32bit' 'libpng16-compat-devel' 'libpng16-devel' 'libpolkit-qt-1-1' 'libpolkit-qt5-1-1' 'libpolkit0' 'libpoppler-glib8' 'libpoppler-qt5-1' 'libpoppler60' 'libpopt0' 'libpopt0-32bit' 'libpostproc53' 'libpostproc54' 'libpq5' 'libpqos0' 'libpqos0-devel' 'libpqxx-4_0' 'libpqxx-devel' 'libprison0' 'libprocps3' 'libprojectM2' 'libprotobuf-c1' 'libproxy1' 'libproxy1-config-kde' 'libproxy1-networkmanager' 'libproxy1-pacrunner-webkit' 'libpth20' 'libpulse-devel' 'libpulse-mainloop-glib0' 'libpulse0' 'libpulse0-32bit' 'libpurple' 'libpurple-branding-openSUSE' 'libpurple-lang' 'libpurple-tcl' 'libpwquality-lang' 'libpwquality1' 'libpython2_7-1_0' 'libpython2_7-1_0-32bit' 'libpython3_4m1_0' 'libqalculate6' 'libqca-qt5' 'libqca-qt5-plugins' 'libqca2' 'libqgpgme7' 'libqimageblitz4' 'libqjson0' 'libqmi-glib1' 'libqmi-tools' 'libqpdf13' 'libqpdf18' 'libqrencode3' 'libqt4' 'libqt4-qt3support' 'libqt4-sql' 'libqt4-sql-sqlite' 'libqt4-x11' 'libqt5-linguist' 'libqt5-qtgraphicaleffects' 'libqt5-qtimageformats' 'libqt5-qtquickcontrols' 'libqt5-qttools' 'libqt5-qttranslations' 'libqt5-qtwebengine' 'libquadmath0' 'libquicktime0' 'libquvi-0_9-0_9_4' 'libquvi-scripts' 'libraptor2-0' 'librasqal3' 'libraw1394-11' 'libraw15' 'librdf0' 'libre2-0' 'libreadline6' 'libreiserfscore0' 'libreoffice' 'libreoffice-base' 'libreoffice-base-drivers-mysql' 'libreoffice-branding-upstream' 'libreoffice-calc' 'libreoffice-calc-extensions' 'libreoffice-draw' 'libreoffice-filters-optional' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-breeze' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-galaxy' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-hicontrast' 'libreoffice-icon-theme-sifr' 'libreoffice-impress' 'libreoffice-kde4' 'libreoffice-l10n-en' 'libreoffice-mailmerge' 'libreoffice-math' 'libreoffice-pyuno' 'libreoffice-share-linker' 'libreoffice-templates-en' 'libreoffice-templates-labels-a4' 'libreoffice-templates-labels-letter' 'libreoffice-templates-presentation-layouts' 'libreoffice-writer' 'libreoffice-writer-extensions' 'librepository' 'librest0' 'librevenge-0_0-0' 'librevenge-stream-0_0-0' 'librsvg-2-2' 'librtmp-devel' 'librtmp1' 'librubberband2' 'libruby2_1-2_1' 'libsamba-credentials0' 'libsamba-credentials0-32bit' 'libsamba-errors0' 'libsamba-errors0-32bit' 'libsamba-hostconfig0' 'libsamba-hostconfig0-32bit' 'libsamba-passdb0' 'libsamba-passdb0-32bit' 'libsamba-util0' 'libsamba-util0-32bit' 'libsamdb0' 'libsamdb0-32bit' 'libsamplerate0' 'libsasl2-3' 'libsasl2-3-32bit' 'libsbc1' 'libscg1_0' 'libschily1_0' 'libschroedinger-1_0-0' 'libseccomp2' 'libseccomp2-32bit' 'libsecret-1-0' 'libsecret-lang' 'libselinux1' 'libselinux1-32bit' 'libsemanage1' 'libsemanage1-32bit' 'libsensors4' 'libsensors4-32bit' 'libsepol1' 'libsepol1-32bit' 'libserd-0-0' 'libserf-1-1' 'libserializer' 'libsgutils2-2' 'libshine3' 'libshout3' 'libsidplay1' 'libsigc-2_0-0' 'libsignon-qt5-1' 'libsilc-1_1-4' 'libsilcclient-1_1-4' 'libslang2' 'libsmartcols1' 'libsmbclient0' 'libsmbconf0' 'libsmbconf0-32bit' 'libsmbldap0' 'libsmbldap0-32bit' 'libsmi' 'libsmi2' 'libsmputils1-1' 'libsnapper4' 'libsnappy1' 'libsndfile1' 'libsndfile1-32bit' 'libsnmp30' 'libsnmp30-32bit' 'libsocks0' 'libsofia-sip-ua-glib3' 'libsofia-sip-ua0' 'libsoftokn3' 'libsoftokn3-32bit' 'libsolv-tools' 'libsord-0-0' 'libsoup-2_4-1' 'libsoup-lang' 'libsox3' 'libsoxr0' 'libspandsp2' 'libspectre1' 'libspeex1' 'libspeex1-32bit' 'libspeexdsp1' 'libsqlite3-0' 'libsqlite3-0-32bit' 'libsratom-0-0' 'libsrtp1' 'libssh2-1' 'libssh2-1-32bit' 'libssh4' 'libstaroffice-0_0-0' 'libstartup-notification-1-0' 'libstdc++-devel' 'libstdc++48-devel' 'libstdc++6' 'libstdc++6-32bit' 'libstorage-ruby' 'libstorage7' 'libsuil-0-0' 'libsuitesparseconfig-4_4_5' 'libsvn_auth_kwallet-1-0' 'libswresample1' 'libswresample2' 'libswscale3' 'libswscale4' 'libsystemd0' 'libsystemd0-32bit' 'libtag-extras1' 'libtag1' 'libtag_c0' 'libtalloc2' 'libtalloc2-32bit' 'libtasn1' 'libtasn1-6' 'libtasn1-6-32bit' 'libtasn1-devel' 'libtdb1' 'libtdb1-32bit' 'libteamdctl0' 'libtelepathy-glib0' 'libtelepathy-qt5-0' 'libtevent-util0' 'libtevent-util0-32bit' 'libtevent0' 'libtevent0-32bit' 'libthai-data' 'libthai0' 'libthai0-32bit' 'libtheora0' 'libtheora0-32bit' 'libtheoradec1' 'libtheoraenc1' 'libtidyp-1_04-0' 'libtiff5' 'libtiff5-32bit' 'libtirpc-netconfig' 'libtirpc3' 'libtolua++-5_1-1' 'libtool' 'libtotem-plparser18' 'libtracker-common-1_0' 'libtracker-control-1_0-0' 'libtracker-miner-1_0-0' 'libtracker-sparql-1_0-0' 'libts-1_0-0' 'libtsan0' 'libturbojpeg0' 'libtwolame0' 'libtxc_dxtn' 'libuchardet0' 'libudev1' 'libudev1-32bit' 'libudisks2-0' 'libumfpack-5_7_1' 'libunistring0' 'libunwind' 'libupnp6' 'libupower-glib3' 'libusb-0_1-4' 'libusb-1_0-0' 'libusb-1_0-0-32bit' 'libusbmuxd4' 'libustr-1_0-1' 'libustr-1_0-1-32bit' 'libutempter0' 'libuuid-devel' 'libuuid1' 'libuuid1-32bit' 'libv4l' 'libv4l1-0' 'libv4l1-0-32bit' 'libv4l2-0' 'libv4l2-0-32bit' 'libv4lconvert0' 'libv4lconvert0-32bit' 'libva-drm1' 'libva-egl1' 'libva-glx1' 'libva-x11-1' 'libva1' 'libvamp-hostsdk3' 'libvcdinfo0' 'libvdpau1' 'libvdpau_nouveau' 'libverto1' 'libverto1-32bit' 'libvigraimpex5' 'libvisio-0_1-1' 'libvisual' 'libvlc5' 'libvlccore8' 'libvncclient0' 'libvorbis0' 'libvorbis0-32bit' 'libvorbisenc2' 'libvorbisenc2-32bit' 'libvorbisfile3' 'libvorbisfile3-32bit' 'libvpx1' 'libvpx1-32bit' 'libwacom-data' 'libwacom2' 'libwavpack1' 'libwayland-client0' 'libwayland-client0-32bit' 'libwayland-cursor0' 'libwayland-server0' 'libwayland-server0-32bit' 'libwbclient0' 'libwbclient0-32bit' 'libwebkit2gtk-4_0-37' 'libwebkit2gtk3-lang' 'libwebkitgtk-1_0-0' 'libwebkitgtk2-lang' 'libwebp5' 'libwebpdemux1' 'libwebpmux1' 'libwebrtc_audio_processing1' 'libwicked-0-6' 'libwmf-0_2-7' 'libwpd-0_10-10' 'libwpg-0_3-3' 'libwps-0_4-4' 'libwrap0' 'libwrap0-32bit' 'libwx_baseu-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_baseu-suse1' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_baseu_net-suse1' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_baseu_xml-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_adv-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_aui-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_core-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_gl-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_html-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse-nostl3' 'libwx_gtk2u_qa-suse1' 'libwx_gtk2u_xrc-suse1' 'libx264-148' 'libx265-116' 'libx86emu1' 'libxapian22' 'libxcb-composite0' 'libxcb-cursor0' 'libxcb-damage0' 'libxcb-devel' 'libxcb-dpms0' 'libxcb-dri2-0' 'libxcb-dri2-0-32bit' 'libxcb-dri3-0' 'libxcb-dri3-0-32bit' 'libxcb-ewmh2' 'libxcb-glx0' 'libxcb-glx0-32bit' 'libxcb-icccm4' 'libxcb-image0' 'libxcb-keysyms1' 'libxcb-present0' 'libxcb-present0-32bit' 'libxcb-randr0' 'libxcb-record0' 'libxcb-render-util0' 'libxcb-render0' 'libxcb-render0-32bit' 'libxcb-res0' 'libxcb-screensaver0' 'libxcb-shape0' 'libxcb-shm0' 'libxcb-shm0-32bit' 'libxcb-sync1' 'libxcb-sync1-32bit' 'libxcb-util1' 'libxcb-xevie0' 'libxcb-xf86dri0' 'libxcb-xfixes0' 'libxcb-xfixes0-32bit' 'libxcb-xinerama0' 'libxcb-xkb1' 'libxcb-xprint0' 'libxcb-xrm0' 'libxcb-xtest0' 'libxcb-xv0' 'libxcb-xvmc0' 'libxcb1' 'libxcb1-32bit' 'libxerces-c-3_1' 'libxkbcommon-x11-0' 'libxkbcommon0' 'libxkbfile-devel' 'libxkbfile1' 'libxml2-2' 'libxml2-2-32bit' 'libxml2-tools' 'libxmlsec1-1' 'libxmlsec1-nss1' 'libxmmsclient6' 'libxshmfence1' 'libxshmfence1-32bit' 'libxslt-tools' 'libxslt1' 'libxslt1-32bit' 'libxtables10' 'libxvidcore4' 'libyajl2' 'libyaml-0-2' 'libyui-ncurses-pkg7' 'libyui-ncurses7' 'libyui-qt-graph7' 'libyui-qt-pkg7' 'libyui-qt7' 'libyui7' 'libz1' 'libz1-32bit' 'libzbar0' 'libzen0' 'libzio1' 'libzip2' 'libzmf-0_0-0' 'libzvbi0' 'libzypp' 'lifecycle-data-openSUSE' 'linux-glibc-devel' 'linuxconsoletools' 'llvm-clang' 'lmms' 'lockdev' 'logrotate' 'lsb-release' 'lsb5' 'lsb5-core' 'lsb5-desktop' 'lsb5-imaging' 'lsb5-languages' 'lsof' 'lsscsi' 'lua' 'lua51' 'luasocket' 'luit' 'lvm2' 'lynx' 'm4' 'mailcommon' 'mailcommon-lang' 'mailimporter' 'mailimporter-lang' 'mailx' 'maim' 'make' 'makeinfo' 'man' 'man-pages' 'man-pages-posix' 'manufacturer-PPDs' 'marble' 'marble-data' 'marble-doc' 'marble-kde' 'marble-lang' 'mariadb' 'mariadb-client' 'mariadb-errormessages' 'master-boot-code' 'mbox-importer' 'mbox-importer-lang' 'mcelog' 'mdadm' 'media-player-info' 'mediainfo' 'messagelib' 'messagelib-lang' 'metamail' 'metatheme-adwaita-common' 'metatheme-breeze-common' 'milou5' 'milou5-lang' 'mjpegtools' 'mkfontdir' 'mkfontscale' 'mkisofs' 'mlocate' 'mlocate-lang' 'mobile-broadband-provider-info' 'mobipocket' 'mokutil' 'mono-addins' 'mono-core' 'mono-data' 'mono-data-sqlite' 'mono-extras' 'mono-mvc' 'mono-wcf' 'mono-web' 'mono-winforms' 'mono-winfxcore' 'mozilla-nspr' 'mozilla-nspr-32bit' 'mozilla-nss' 'mozilla-nss-32bit' 'mozilla-nss-certs' 'mozilla-nss-certs-32bit' 'mpg123-esound' 'mpg123-openal' 'mpg123-pulse' 'mpt-status' 'msitools' 'msitools-lang' 'mtools' 'multimedia' 'myspell-dictionaries' 'myspell-en' 'myspell-en_US' 'myspell-lightproof-en' 'nano' 'nano-lang' 'ncurses-devel' 'ncurses-utils' 'neofetch' 'net-tools' 'netcat-openbsd' 'netcfg' 'netpbm' 'nfs-client' 'nfsidmap' 'nodejs-common' 'nodejs6' 'nodejs6-devel' 'normalize' 'notification-daemon' 'notification-daemon-lang' 'noto-coloremoji-fonts' 'noto-emoji-fonts' 'noto-sans-fonts' 'npm6' 'nscd' 'nss-mdns' 'nss-mdns-32bit' 'ntfs-3g' 'ntfsprogs' 'ntp' 'numactl' 'numlockx' 'odt2txt' 'office' 'okular' 'okular-lang' 'open-iscsi' 'openSUSE' 'openSUSE-2017-1004' 'openSUSE-2017-1005' 'openSUSE-2017-1009' 'openSUSE-2017-1011' 'openSUSE-2017-1013' 'openSUSE-2017-1017' 'openSUSE-2017-1021' 'openSUSE-2017-1024' 'openSUSE-2017-1027' 'openSUSE-2017-1030' 'openSUSE-2017-1032' 'openSUSE-2017-1033' 'openSUSE-2017-1035' 'openSUSE-2017-1036' 'openSUSE-2017-1042' 'openSUSE-2017-1044' 'openSUSE-2017-1047' 'openSUSE-2017-1048' 'openSUSE-2017-1049' 'openSUSE-2017-1052' 'openSUSE-2017-1056' 'openSUSE-2017-1058' 'openSUSE-2017-1060' 'openSUSE-2017-1063' 'openSUSE-2017-1064' 'openSUSE-2017-1067' 'openSUSE-2017-1069' 'openSUSE-2017-1070' 'openSUSE-2017-1072' 'openSUSE-2017-1076' 'openSUSE-2017-1083' 'openSUSE-2017-1084' 'openSUSE-2017-1085' 'openSUSE-2017-1086' 'openSUSE-2017-1088' 'openSUSE-2017-1094' 'openSUSE-2017-1096' 'openSUSE-2017-1097' 'openSUSE-2017-1100' 'openSUSE-2017-1102' 'openSUSE-2017-1105' 'openSUSE-2017-1108' 'openSUSE-2017-1109' 'openSUSE-2017-1112' 'openSUSE-2017-1114' 'openSUSE-2017-1115' 'openSUSE-2017-1116' 'openSUSE-2017-1118' 'openSUSE-2017-1119' 'openSUSE-2017-1126' 'openSUSE-2017-1127' 'openSUSE-2017-1136' 'openSUSE-2017-1137' 'openSUSE-2017-1138' 'openSUSE-2017-1139' 'openSUSE-2017-1140' 'openSUSE-2017-1142' 'openSUSE-2017-1143' 'openSUSE-2017-1145' 'openSUSE-2017-1147' 'openSUSE-2017-1154' 'openSUSE-2017-1160' 'openSUSE-2017-1162' 'openSUSE-2017-1163' 'openSUSE-2017-1165' 'openSUSE-2017-1166' 'openSUSE-2017-1168' 'openSUSE-2017-1169' 'openSUSE-2017-1176' 'openSUSE-2017-1177' 'openSUSE-2017-1179' 'openSUSE-2017-1180' 'openSUSE-2017-1193' 'openSUSE-2017-1194' 'openSUSE-2017-1198' 'openSUSE-2017-1200' 'openSUSE-2017-1202' 'openSUSE-2017-1205' 'openSUSE-2017-1207' 'openSUSE-2017-1210' 'openSUSE-2017-1211' 'openSUSE-2017-1214' 'openSUSE-2017-1215' 'openSUSE-2017-1217' 'openSUSE-2017-1218' 'openSUSE-2017-1220' 'openSUSE-2017-1221' 'openSUSE-2017-1222' 'openSUSE-2017-1223' 'openSUSE-2017-1225' 'openSUSE-2017-1242' 'openSUSE-2017-1243' 'openSUSE-2017-1246' 'openSUSE-2017-1247' 'openSUSE-2017-1248' 'openSUSE-2017-1252' 'openSUSE-2017-1262' 'openSUSE-2017-1265' 'openSUSE-2017-1266' 'openSUSE-2017-1268' 'openSUSE-2017-1269' 'openSUSE-2017-1270' 'openSUSE-2017-1272' 'openSUSE-2017-1273' 'openSUSE-2017-1279' 'openSUSE-2017-1284' 'openSUSE-2017-1286' 'openSUSE-2017-1295' 'openSUSE-2017-1296' 'openSUSE-2017-1297' 'openSUSE-2017-1298' 'openSUSE-2017-1302' 'openSUSE-2017-1303' 'openSUSE-2017-1304' 'openSUSE-2017-1306' 'openSUSE-2017-1316' 'openSUSE-2017-1317' 'openSUSE-2017-1318' 'openSUSE-2017-1324' 'openSUSE-2017-1325' 'openSUSE-2017-1326' 'openSUSE-2017-1328' 'openSUSE-2017-1329' 'openSUSE-2017-1330' 'openSUSE-2017-1332' 'openSUSE-2017-1341' 'openSUSE-2017-1349' 'openSUSE-2017-1351' 'openSUSE-2017-1355' 'openSUSE-2017-1360' 'openSUSE-2017-1366' 'openSUSE-2017-1368' 'openSUSE-2017-1370' 'openSUSE-2017-1375' 'openSUSE-2017-1376' 'openSUSE-2017-1380' 'openSUSE-2017-1381' 'openSUSE-2017-1382' 'openSUSE-2017-1383' 'openSUSE-2017-1385' 'openSUSE-2017-1391' 'openSUSE-2017-1392' 'openSUSE-2017-1393' 'openSUSE-2017-1398' 'openSUSE-2017-1411' 'openSUSE-2017-1413' 'openSUSE-2017-1414' 'openSUSE-2017-1415' 'openSUSE-2017-1417' 'openSUSE-2017-1418' 'openSUSE-2017-1423' 'openSUSE-2017-1425' 'openSUSE-2017-1426' 'openSUSE-2017-1427' 'openSUSE-2017-826' 'openSUSE-2017-831' 'openSUSE-2017-833' 'openSUSE-2017-836' 'openSUSE-2017-841' 'openSUSE-2017-844' 'openSUSE-2017-847' 'openSUSE-2017-852' 'openSUSE-2017-854' 'openSUSE-2017-862' 'openSUSE-2017-865' 'openSUSE-2017-869' 'openSUSE-2017-872' 'openSUSE-2017-878' 'openSUSE-2017-881' 'openSUSE-2017-883' 'openSUSE-2017-886' 'openSUSE-2017-890' 'openSUSE-2017-895' 'openSUSE-2017-896' 'openSUSE-2017-897' 'openSUSE-2017-898' 'openSUSE-2017-902' 'openSUSE-2017-903' 'openSUSE-2017-913' 'openSUSE-2017-914' 'openSUSE-2017-915' 'openSUSE-2017-917' 'openSUSE-2017-920' 'openSUSE-2017-921' 'openSUSE-2017-923' 'openSUSE-2017-930' 'openSUSE-2017-931' 'openSUSE-2017-932' 'openSUSE-2017-936' 'openSUSE-2017-938' 'openSUSE-2017-939' 'openSUSE-2017-940' 'openSUSE-2017-942' 'openSUSE-2017-943' 'openSUSE-2017-944' 'openSUSE-2017-945' 'openSUSE-2017-948' 'openSUSE-2017-950' 'openSUSE-2017-951' 'openSUSE-2017-953' 'openSUSE-2017-954' 'openSUSE-2017-959' 'openSUSE-2017-960' 'openSUSE-2017-971' 'openSUSE-2017-977' 'openSUSE-2017-978' 'openSUSE-2017-983' 'openSUSE-2017-987' 'openSUSE-2017-989' 'openSUSE-2017-990' 'openSUSE-2017-993' 'openSUSE-2017-997' 'openSUSE-2018-1' 'openSUSE-2018-103' 'openSUSE-2018-104' 'openSUSE-2018-109' 'openSUSE-2018-11' 'openSUSE-2018-110' 'openSUSE-2018-112' 'openSUSE-2018-113' 'openSUSE-2018-114' 'openSUSE-2018-116' 'openSUSE-2018-117' 'openSUSE-2018-118' 'openSUSE-2018-120' 'openSUSE-2018-124' 'openSUSE-2018-125' 'openSUSE-2018-127' 'openSUSE-2018-128' 'openSUSE-2018-129' 'openSUSE-2018-13' 'openSUSE-2018-131' 'openSUSE-2018-133' 'openSUSE-2018-138' 'openSUSE-2018-140' 'openSUSE-2018-141' 'openSUSE-2018-142' 'openSUSE-2018-145' 'openSUSE-2018-146' 'openSUSE-2018-147' 'openSUSE-2018-15' 'openSUSE-2018-150' 'openSUSE-2018-151' 'openSUSE-2018-153' 'openSUSE-2018-154' 'openSUSE-2018-156' 'openSUSE-2018-157' 'openSUSE-2018-162' 'openSUSE-2018-163' 'openSUSE-2018-165' 'openSUSE-2018-168' 'openSUSE-2018-172' 'openSUSE-2018-176' 'openSUSE-2018-178' 'openSUSE-2018-179' 'openSUSE-2018-184' 'openSUSE-2018-185' 'openSUSE-2018-187' 'openSUSE-2018-188' 'openSUSE-2018-192' 'openSUSE-2018-194' 'openSUSE-2018-196' 'openSUSE-2018-199' 'openSUSE-2018-2' 'openSUSE-2018-203' 'openSUSE-2018-205' 'openSUSE-2018-207' 'openSUSE-2018-214' 'openSUSE-2018-216' 'openSUSE-2018-224' 'openSUSE-2018-225' 'openSUSE-2018-227' 'openSUSE-2018-229' 'openSUSE-2018-230' 'openSUSE-2018-231' 'openSUSE-2018-232' 'openSUSE-2018-234' 'openSUSE-2018-237' 'openSUSE-2018-240' 'openSUSE-2018-241' 'openSUSE-2018-247' 'openSUSE-2018-249' 'openSUSE-2018-25' 'openSUSE-2018-250' 'openSUSE-2018-251' 'openSUSE-2018-254' 'openSUSE-2018-255' 'openSUSE-2018-258' 'openSUSE-2018-259' 'openSUSE-2018-260' 'openSUSE-2018-262' 'openSUSE-2018-263' 'openSUSE-2018-264' 'openSUSE-2018-266' 'openSUSE-2018-270' 'openSUSE-2018-272' 'openSUSE-2018-275' 'openSUSE-2018-277' 'openSUSE-2018-278' 'openSUSE-2018-28' 'openSUSE-2018-280' 'openSUSE-2018-281' 'openSUSE-2018-282' 'openSUSE-2018-284' 'openSUSE-2018-286' 'openSUSE-2018-287' 'openSUSE-2018-289' 'openSUSE-2018-290' 'openSUSE-2018-30' 'openSUSE-2018-31' 'openSUSE-2018-33' 'openSUSE-2018-34' 'openSUSE-2018-36' 'openSUSE-2018-39' 'openSUSE-2018-40' 'openSUSE-2018-53' 'openSUSE-2018-55' 'openSUSE-2018-56' 'openSUSE-2018-59' 'openSUSE-2018-60' 'openSUSE-2018-61' 'openSUSE-2018-63' 'openSUSE-2018-7' 'openSUSE-2018-70' 'openSUSE-2018-71' 'openSUSE-2018-78' 'openSUSE-2018-8' 'openSUSE-2018-82' 'openSUSE-2018-85' 'openSUSE-2018-86' 'openSUSE-2018-87' 'openSUSE-2018-95' 'openSUSE-2018-97' 'openSUSE-2018-98' 'openSUSE-build-key' 'openSUSE-release' 'openSUSE-release-dvd' 'openSUSE-release-ftp' 'openal-soft' 'opencc-data' 'openldap2-client' 'openldap2-devel' 'openslp' 'openssh' 'openssh-askpass' 'openssh-helpers' 'openssl' 'openvpn' 'os-prober' 'osinfo-db' 'oxygen5-icon-theme' 'oxygen5-icon-theme-large' 'oxygen5-sounds' 'p11-kit' 'p11-kit-32bit' 'p11-kit-devel' 'p11-kit-tools' 'p7zip' 'pam' 'pam-32bit' 'pam-config' 'pam-devel' 'pam-modules' 'pam-modules-32bit' 'pango-devel' 'parallel-printer-support' 'parted' 'patch' 'patterns-openSUSE-apparmor' 'patterns-openSUSE-apparmor_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-base' 'patterns-openSUSE-devel_basis' 'patterns-openSUSE-enhanced_base' 'patterns-openSUSE-enhanced_base_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-fonts' 'patterns-openSUSE-fonts_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-games' 'patterns-openSUSE-imaging' 'patterns-openSUSE-imaging_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_games' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_imaging' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_internet' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_multimedia' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_office' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_plasma' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_utilities' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_utilities_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-kde_yast' 'patterns-openSUSE-laptop' 'patterns-openSUSE-multimedia' 'patterns-openSUSE-multimedia_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-office' 'patterns-openSUSE-office_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-sw_management' 'patterns-openSUSE-sw_management_kde' 'patterns-openSUSE-x11' 'patterns-openSUSE-x11_opt' 'patterns-openSUSE-yast2_basis' 'pciutils' 'pciutils-ids' 'pcmciautils' 'pcre-devel' 'pdftk' 'pentaho-libxml' 'pentaho-reporting-flow-engine' 'perl' 'perl-32bit' 'perl-Archive-Zip' 'perl-Authen-SASL' 'perl-Bootloader' 'perl-Class-ISA' 'perl-Clone' 'perl-Config-Crontab' 'perl-Crypt-SSLeay' 'perl-Crypt-SmbHash' 'perl-DBD-SQLite' 'perl-DBI' 'perl-Data-Dump' 'perl-Digest-HMAC' 'perl-Digest-MD4' 'perl-Digest-SHA1' 'perl-Encode-Locale' 'perl-Error' 'perl-File-Listing' 'perl-File-RandomAccess' 'perl-HTML-Parser' 'perl-HTML-Tagset' 'perl-HTML-Tidy' 'perl-HTTP-Cookies' 'perl-HTTP-Daemon' 'perl-HTTP-Date' 'perl-HTTP-Message' 'perl-HTTP-Negotiate' 'perl-IO-HTML' 'perl-IO-Socket-SSL' 'perl-Image-ExifTool' 'perl-LWP-MediaTypes' 'perl-LWP-Protocol-https' 'perl-MLDBM' 'perl-Math-Base-Convert' 'perl-Module-Runtime' 'perl-Net-DBus' 'perl-Net-DNS' 'perl-Net-Daemon' 'perl-Net-HTTP' 'perl-Net-SMTP-SSL' 'perl-Net-SSLeay' 'perl-Params-Util' 'perl-Parse-RecDescent' 'perl-PlRPC' 'perl-RPC-XML' 'perl-SQL-Statement' 'perl-Term-ReadKey' 'perl-TermReadLine-Gnu' 'perl-Text-Wrapper' 'perl-Tie-IxHash' 'perl-TimeDate' 'perl-URI' 'perl-WWW-RobotRules' 'perl-X11-Protocol' 'perl-X500-DN' 'perl-XML-LibXML' 'perl-XML-NamespaceSupport' 'perl-XML-Parser' 'perl-XML-SAX' 'perl-XML-SAX-Base' 'perl-XML-SAX-Expat' 'perl-XML-Simple' 'perl-XML-Twig' 'perl-XML-XPath' 'perl-XML-XPathEngine' 'perl-YAML' 'perl-YAML-LibYAML' 'perl-apparmor' 'perl-base' 'perl-gettext' 'perl-libwww-perl' 'permissions' 'phonon-backend-gstreamer' 'phonon4qt5-backend-gstreamer' 'pidgin' 'pigz' 'pim-data-exporter' 'pim-data-exporter-lang' 'pim-sieve-editor' 'pim-sieve-editor-lang' 'pimcommon' 'pimcommon-lang' 'pinentry' 'pinentry-qt4' 'pinta' 'pinta-lang' 'pipenightdreams' 'pkcs11-helper' 'pkg-config' 'plasma-framework' 'plasma-framework-components' 'plasma-framework-lang' 'plasma-framework-private' 'plasma-nm5' 'plasma-nm5-lang' 'plasma-nm5-openvpn' 'plasma-nm5-pptp' 'plasma-nm5-vpnc' 'plasma5-addons' 'plasma5-addons-lang' 'plasma5-defaults-openSUSE' 'plasma5-desktop' 'plasma5-desktop-lang' 'plasma5-integration-plugin' 'plasma5-integration-plugin-lang' 'plasma5-pa' 'plasma5-pa-lang' 'plasma5-pk-updates' 'plasma5-pk-updates-lang' 'plasma5-session' 'plasma5-theme-openSUSE' 'plasma5-workspace' 'plasma5-workspace-branding-openSUSE' 'plasma5-workspace-lang' 'plasma5-workspace-libs' 'plymouth' 'plymouth-branding-openSUSE' 'plymouth-dracut' 'plymouth-plugin-label-ft' 'plymouth-plugin-script' 'plymouth-scripts' 'polkit' 'polkit-default-privs' 'polkit-kde-agent-5' 'polkit-kde-agent-5-lang' 'poppler-data' 'poppler-tools' 'postfix' 'powerdevil5' 'powerdevil5-lang' 'powertop' 'powertop-lang' 'ppp' 'pptp' 'prctl' 'procinfo' 'procmail' 'procps' 'providers' 'psmisc' 'psmisc-lang' 'pstoedit' 'psutils' 'pthread-stubs-devel' 'ptools' 'pulseaudio' 'pulseaudio-bash-completion' 'pulseaudio-lang' 'pulseaudio-module-bluetooth' 'pulseaudio-module-jack' 'pulseaudio-module-lirc' 'pulseaudio-module-x11' 'pulseaudio-module-zeroconf' 'pulseaudio-utils' 'pulseaudio-utils-32bit' 'purpose' 'purpose-lang' 'pymol' 'python' 'python-base' 'python-cairo' 'python-cffi' 'python-configobj' 'python-cryptography' 'python-cssselect' 'python-curses' 'python-decorator' 'python-devel' 'python-enum34' 'python-gobject' 'python-gobject-Gdk' 'python-gobject-cairo' 'python-gobject2' 'python-gtk' 'python-idna' 'python-ipaddress' 'python-lxml' 'python-numpy' 'python-pip' 'python-pmw' 'python-pyOpenSSL' 'python-pyasn1' 'python-pycparser' 'python-pyudev' 'python-qt4' 'python-setuptools' 'python-sip' 'python-six' 'python-solv' 'python-talloc' 'python-talloc-32bit' 'python-tk' 'python-xcb-proto-devel' 'python-xdg' 'python-xml' 'python3' 'python3-apparmor' 'python3-base' 'python3-bottle' 'python3-cairo' 'python3-coverage' 'python3-cups' 'python3-cupshelpers' 'python3-curses' 'python3-devel' 'python3-gobject' 'python3-gobject-Gdk' 'python3-gobject-cairo' 'python3-nose' 'python3-pip' 'python3-py' 'python3-pycurl' 'python3-pyxdg' 'python3-requests' 'python3-setuptools' 'python3-simplejson' 'python3-smbc' 'qemu-linux-user' 'qt4-qtscript' 'ranger' 'rasmol' 'readline-devel' 'readline-doc' 'recode' 'redshift' 'release-notes-openSUSE' 'renderproto-devel' 'rfkill' 'rgb' 'rofi' 'rollback-helper' 'rp-pppoe' 'rpcbind' 'rpm' 'rpm-32bit' 'rpm-python' 'rsync' 'rtkit' 'rubberband-cli' 'ruby' 'ruby-common' 'ruby2.1' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-abstract_method' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cfa_grub2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-cheetah' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-fast_gettext-1_2' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-gem2rpm' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-augeas' 'ruby2.1-rubygem-ruby-dbus' 'ruby2.1-stdlib' 'rxvt-unicode' 's2tc-32bit' 'sac' 'samba' 'samba-client' 'samba-client-32bit' 'samba-libs' 'samba-libs-32bit' 'samba-winbind' 'samba-winbind-32bit' 'sane-backends' 'sane-backends-32bit' 'sane-backends-autoconfig' 'sash' 'sbc' 'scout' 'screen' 'scrot' 'scummvm' 'sddm' 'sddm-branding-openSUSE' 'sddm-theme-openSUSE' 'sed' 'sed-lang' 'sessreg' 'setserial' 'setxkbmap' 'sg3_utils' 'shadow' 'shared-mime-info' 'shared-mime-info-lang' 'sharutils' 'sharutils-lang' 'shim' 'showfoto' 'signon-plugin-oauth2' 'signon-plugins' 'signon-ui' 'signond' 'signond-libs' 'silc-toolkit' 'site-config' 'skanlite' 'skanlite-lang' 'slop' 'smartmontools' 'smp_utils' 'snapper' 'snapper-zypp-plugin' 'sni-qt' 'snmp-mibs' 'solid-imports' 'solid-tools' 'sound-theme-freedesktop' 'sox' 'spectacle' 'spectacle-lang' 'speedtest-cli' 'sshfs' 'star' 'steam' 'stix-fonts' 'stow' 'strace' 'subversion' 'subversion-bash-completion' 'subversion-perl' 'sudo' 'suil-plugins' 'suse-module-tools' 'susehelp' 'susehelp_en' 'sushi' 'sushi-lang' 'sw_management' 'sweeper' 'syntax-highlighting' 'sysconfig' 'sysconfig-netconfig' 'sysfsutils' 'syslinux' 'system-config-printer' 'system-config-printer-applet' 'system-config-printer-common' 'system-config-printer-common-lang' 'system-config-printer-dbus-service' 'systemd' 'systemd-32bit' 'systemd-bash-completion' 'systemd-logger' 'systemd-presets-branding-openSUSE' 'systemd-sysvinit' 'systemsettings5' 'systemsettings5-lang' 'sysvinit-tools' 'tack' 'taglib' 'tar' 'tar-lang' 'tcl' 'tcpdump' 'tcsh' 'telepathy-gabble' 'telepathy-haze' 'telepathy-idle' 'telepathy-mission-control' 'telepathy-mission-control-plugin-goa' 'telepathy-rakia' 'telepathy-salut' 'telnet' 'terminfo' 'terminfo-base' 'texlive-lm-fonts' 'tigervnc' 'time' 'timezone' 'tk' 'tlp' 'tlp-rdw' 'tnftp' 'totem-pl-parser' 'totem-pl-parser-lang' 'traceroute' 'transcode' 'translation-update' 'translation-update-en' 'translation-update-en_US' 'tuned' 'tuned-utils' 'typelib-1_0-Atk-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Clutter-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-ClutterGst-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-Cogl-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-CoglPango-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-EvinceDocument-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-EvinceView-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GdkPixbuf-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-GjsPrivate-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GnomeKeyring-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gst-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstAudio-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstPbutils-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstTag-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GstVideo-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gtk-2_0' 'typelib-1_0-Gtk-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkClutter-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-GtkSource-3_0' 'typelib-1_0-IBus-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-JavaScriptCore-4_0' 'typelib-1_0-Json-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Notify-0_7' 'typelib-1_0-PackageKitGlib-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Pango-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Polkit-1_0' 'typelib-1_0-Soup-2_4' 'typelib-1_0-WebKit2-4_0' 'ucode-amd' 'ucode-intel' 'udev' 'udev-configure-printer' 'udisks2' 'udisks2-lang' 'unetbootin' 'unixODBC' 'unoconv' 'unrar' 'unzip' 'unzip-doc' 'update-alternatives' 'update-desktop-files' 'upower' 'upower-lang' 'usb_modeswitch' 'usb_modeswitch-data' 'usbutils' 'util-linux' 'util-linux-lang' 'util-linux-systemd' 'vaapi-dummy-driver' 'vcdimager' 'viber' 'vim' 'vim-data' 'vlan' 'vlc' 'vlc-codec-gstreamer' 'vlc-codecs' 'vlc-lang' 'vlc-noX' 'vlc-qt' 'vorbis-tools' 'vorbis-tools-lang' 'vpnc' 'w3m' 'w3m-inline-image' 'wallpaper-branding-openSUSE' 'webkit2gtk-4_0-injected-bundles' 'wget' 'which' 'wicked' 'wicked-service' 'wine' 'wine-32bit' 'wine-gecko' 'wine-mp3-32bit' 'wireless-regdb' 'wireless-tools' 'wol' 'words' 'wpa_supplicant' 'x11' 'x11-tools' 'xauth' 'xautolock' 'xbitmaps' 'xcb-proto-devel' 'xcb-util-image-devel' 'xclip' 'xconsole' 'xdg-menu' 'xdg-user-dirs' 'xdg-user-dirs-lang' 'xdg-utils' 'xdm' 'xdm-xsession' 'xdmbgrd' 'xerces-j2-xml-apis' 'xextproto-devel' 'xf86-input-evdev' 'xf86-input-joystick' 'xf86-input-keyboard' 'xf86-input-libinput' 'xf86-input-mouse' 'xf86-input-synaptics' 'xf86-input-vmmouse' 'xf86-input-void' 'xf86-input-wacom' 'xf86-video-fbdev' 'xf86-video-nouveau' 'xf86-video-vesa' 'xf86vidmodeproto-devel' 'xfsprogs' 'xhost' 'xinetd' 'xinit' 'xkbcomp' 'xkeyboard-config' 'xkeyboard-config-lang' 'xli' 'xmessage' 'xmodmap' 'xorg-x11-Xvnc' 'xorg-x11-driver-input' 'xorg-x11-driver-video' 'xorg-x11-essentials' 'xorg-x11-fonts' 'xorg-x11-fonts-core' 'xorg-x11-libX11-ccache' 'xorg-x11-server' 'xorriso' 'xprop' 'xproto-devel' 'xrandr' 'xrdb' 'xset' 'xsetroot' 'xtables-plugins' 'xterm' 'xtermset' 'xz' 'xz-lang' 'yast2' 'yast2-add-on' 'yast2-apparmor' 'yast2-auth-client' 'yast2-bootloader' 'yast2-branding-openSUSE' 'yast2-branding-openSUSE-Oxygen' 'yast2-control-center' 'yast2-control-center-qt' 'yast2-core' 'yast2-country' 'yast2-country-data' 'yast2-firewall' 'yast2-fonts' 'yast2-hardware-detection' 'yast2-inetd' 'yast2-installation' 'yast2-iscsi-client' 'yast2-journal' 'yast2-ldap' 'yast2-mail' 'yast2-metapackage-handler' 'yast2-network' 'yast2-nfs-client' 'yast2-nfs-common' 'yast2-nis-client' 'yast2-ntp-client' 'yast2-online-update' 'yast2-online-update-frontend' 'yast2-packager' 'yast2-pam' 'yast2-perl-bindings' 'yast2-pkg-bindings' 'yast2-printer' 'yast2-proxy' 'yast2-ruby-bindings' 'yast2-samba-client' 'yast2-samba-server' 'yast2-scanner' 'yast2-security' 'yast2-services-manager' 'yast2-slp' 'yast2-snapper' 'yast2-sound' 'yast2-storage' 'yast2-sudo' 'yast2-sysconfig' 'yast2-trans-en_US' 'yast2-trans-stats' 'yast2-transfer' 'yast2-tune' 'yast2-update' 'yast2-users' 'yast2-vm' 'yast2-vpn' 'yast2-x11' 'yast2-xml' 'yast2-ycp-ui-bindings' 'yast2_basis' 'yp-tools' 'ypbind' 'yudit' 'zenity' 'zenity-lang' 'zisofs-tools' 'zlib-devel' 'zlibrary' 'zlibrary-ui-gtk' 'zsh' 'zypp-plugin-python' 'zypper' 'zypper-aptitude' 'zypper-lifecycle-plugin' 'zypper-log' )
